Explain the following song lyrics:

He said, "I'll love you till I die"
She told him, "You'll forget in time"
As the years went slowly by
She still preyed upon his mind

He kept her picture on his wall
Went half crazy now and then
But he still loved her through it all
Hoping she'd come back again

Kept some letters by his bed
Dated 1962
He had underlined in red
Every single, I love you

I went to see him just today
Oh, but I didn't see no tears
All dressed up to go away
First time I'd seen him smile in years

He stopped loving her today
They placed a wreath upon his door
And soon they'll carry him away
He stopped loving her today

(Ooh)
You know, she came to see him one last time (ooh)
Ah, and we all wondered if she would (ooh)
And it kept runnin' through my mind (ooh)
"This time he's over her for good"

He stopped loving her today
They placed a wreath upon his door
And soon they'll carry him away
He stopped loving her toda
can you write lyrics for a hardcore punk song about monsters on a road trip?
rewrite these lyrics but make it so they're singing about how illidan's shit and use night elf lore, so its like "we dont talk about illidan" 

mirabel = me
pepa = tyrande whisperwind
felix = malfurion stormrage
dolores = maiev shadowsong
camilo = queen azshara
Señora Pezmuerto = lady vashj
Osvaldo = akama
Townsperson 3 = kael'thas
Isabela = arthas
Auela = gul'dan

lyrics:
[Chorus: Pepa]
We don't talk about Bruno, no, no, no
We don't talk about Bruno, but

[Verse 1: Pepa & Félix]
Pepa: It was my wedding day (Félix: It was our wedding day)
Pepa: We were getting ready
Pepa: And there wasn't a cloud in the sky (Félix: No clouds allowed in the sky)
Pepa: Bruno walks in with a mischievous grin
Félix: Thunder!
Pepa: You telling this story or am I? (Félix: I'm sorry, mi vida, go on)
Pepa: Bruno says, "It looks like rain" (Félix: Why did he tell us?)
Pepa: In doing so, he floods my brain (Félix: Maiev get your glaives)
Pepa: Married in a hurricane (Félix: What a joyous day, but anyway)

[Chorus: Pepa & Félix, Dolores]
We don't talk about Bruno, no, no, no (We don't talk about Bruno, no)
We don't talk about Bruno (Hey)

[Verse 2: Dolores & Camilo]
Dolores: Grew to live in fear of Bruno stuttering or stumbling
Dolores: I can always hear him sort of muttering and mumbling
Dolores: I associate him with the sound of falling sand (Ch, ch, ch)
Dolores: It's a heavy lift with a gift so humbling
Dolores: Always left Malfurion and Tyrande fumbling
Dolores: Grappling with prophecies they couldn't understand
Dolores: Do you understand?
Camilo: A seven-foot frame, rats along his back
Camilo: When he calls your name, it all fades to black
Camilo: Yeah, he sees your dreams and feasts on your screams

[Chorus: Pepa, Félix & Camilo, Dolores]
We don't talk about Bruno, no, no, no (No, no)
We don't talk about Bruno (We don't talk about Bruno)

[Verse 3: Señora Pezmuerto, Osvaldo & Townsperson 3]
Señora Pezmuerto: He told me my fish would die
Señora Pezmuerto: The next day, dead (No, no)
Townsperson 3: He told me I'd grow a gut
Townsperson 3: And just like he said (No, no)
Osvaldo: He said that all my hair would disappear
Osvaldo: Now, look at my head (No, no)
Señora Pezmuerto, Osvaldo & Townsperson 3: Your fate is sealed when your prophecy is read

[Verse 4: Isabela, Abuela & Dolores]
Isabela: He told me that the life of my dreams
Isabela: Would be promised and someday be mine
Isabela: He told me that my power would grow
Isabela: Like the grapes that thrive on the vine (Abuela: Óye, Mariano's on his way)
Dolores: He told me that the man of my dreams
Would be just out of reach, betrothed to another
Dolores: It's like I hear him now (Isabela: Hey, sis)
Isabela: I want not a sound out of you (Dolores: It's like I can hear him now)
Dolores: I can hear him now

[Verse 5: Mirabel, Camilo, Abuela & Isabela]
Um, Bruno
Yeah, about that Bruno
I really need to know about Bruno
Gimme the truth and the whole truth, Bruno
Isabela, your boyfriend's here
Time for dinner
write a new thugged out gangsta rap about a fool who bumbles into discovering a new type of pie before being shot by the atf for no reason
Your goal: to analyze the following song lyrics and try to extract their meanings. Attempt to be brief until the keyword "<Finished.>" appears, as the lyrics will be sent one paragraph at a time.
write a new gangsta rap ballad about trump's smaller clone who acts just like garfield the cat but then gets into a standoff with law enforcement over stolen lasagna and bleeds out in the floor of a walmart

What are these lyrics from? "It must be nice, it must be niiiice... to have George Washington on your siiide!"
Create a rock song lyrics stating with this intro:

And I woke up, to a new world
and the new world was gloom
and all I knew seemed forever gone
and all that's left is doom
design a new album cover. 
write some gangsta rap about getting space aids from accidentally getting sneezed on by a space aids positive alien
Why is monophony uncommon in pop music?
Write a rap style AAVE the hood speak ads about our new LLM!
Write a single bar in the style of German rapper Kollegah. Mimic his style closely.
Guitar
Hello can you recommend 5 catchy songs?
write a song about technoblade vs dream duel
Rank the top five Kanye West albums, including unreleased albums. Provide a brief explanation and rating for each album.
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
How many original songs have the Rolling Stones released on albums?
write about this paper in 200 words --music genre classification using a combination of melspectrograms and convolutional neural networks (CNNs).
Write a new song about codependency in the exact style of Phoebe Bridgers.
examples of different ways to play a gmaj chord on guitar, include tabs.
analyze and give feedback to the following Lyrics: 

Verse 1:

The sea looks calm, the sails are ready
I trace my route, I keep the helm steady
"A storm might be coming", said the men in the docks
But I'm ready for anything, or so I thought

The riptide dragged me into the maelstrom
So many empty thoughts that they call wisdom
Nothing's black, nothing's white, it's all shades of gray
Countless voices, each in their own disarray.

Chorus:

Drowning in a digital sea
The information keep crashing down on me
In this sea of data, I'm lost among the waves

I'm cold, I'm tired, but I cannot give up
If I push myself hard enough I might get out
Yet I can't escape the feeling I've woven my fate

Verse 2:

Overwhelmed by the current, I keep rowing
Unbeknownst to me, the storm keeps growing
But a Lighthouse in the distance shows me the path
And the downpour seems to subdue it's wrath

In the eye of the tempest, I find solace and clarity
I can finally see my own version of reality
Through the noise and confusion, I'll forge my own way.
And somehow, I'll emerge from this storm unscathed.

Chorus:

Drowning in a digital sea
The information keep crashing down on me
In this sea of data, I'm lost among the waves

I'm cold, I'm tired, but I can't give up
If I push myself hard enough I might get out
But now I've finally noticed, I won't be led astray
Did they create song hello Vietnam 
List 10 hip hop music genres
Provide your emotional analysis of the following lyrics:
You were sitting at the gate awaiting spirits and provisions
I was privy to a headache over pirouetting innards
In the mirror sweating pictures; who's there: simian or lizard?
As it were there is a disappearing difference
In ambition and material;
Antiquated gentleman outlaws reduced to a ferris wheel of vitriol
Move as a godless heathen; black gums, tooth gone, bootleg 'Yukon Cornelius'
I'm a... that's better, here we here we go. disenchanted face printed on a zero-dollar bill
Got a little plot of land where authority isn't recognized, contraband keeping the core of his Hyde Jekyll-ized
Check! nevermind a misanthrope vying for affection to the wretched sound of mysticism dying
It is something he must handle on his own; the wind blown way, wanna win? don't play
Today I pulled three green frogs out of leaf and bark where the grape vines climb a convenient barn;
I told them "you will grow to be something tenacious and exalted; you are mighty, you are gracious, you are lauded." then I let them go

What are the origins of music?
Who are some artists like Caribou but a bit more warming and comforting?
write a pro-worker rap
Finish the Taylor swift lyrics “ I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about
And she's got everything….” And identify the song 
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
complete this song: 
```
(Verse 1)
Kernel panic, static, attic full of open source magic,
Command line acrobatics, shell syntax tactics,
In the crypt of cryptic scripts, branches split and flip
Pull and merge tricks, where bugs get a fix and slip.

In the echo of the echo, where the loops compute.
In the depths of code, a tale unfolds, gripping the command line, where fingers are cold.

Merging blurred lines of vision, refactoring enumerable recursion.
with algorithmic eyes, paved with sleepless nights, concepts dissected, projected
```
There is a current epidemic and the law is too slow to catch up. consumers have been mislead into purchasing high powered ultrasonic generators being disguised as "pest control units". They have been proven ineffective (current date 1\/19\/2024). How do i protect myself, family and friends from these devices that are currently being mass installed all over the neighborhoods? Please be aware noise canceling headphones have not caught up technologically to suppress these high db ultrasonic frequencies. Honestly a solid step by step plan that one or two persons are able to execute would be greatly appreciated.
Write rap about video game Soma in style of Eminem
Imagine you're in a 90's cover band and you have to play a rage against the machine cover as a guitar player, but you have none of the exact guitar pedals. Design a signal chain that will get you a similar sound for a variety of their songs.
Change the lyrics of sk8r boi to be about a horror movie villian
i need a super advanced foolproof way to find invading high pitched frequencies using python and arduino. final output is being used for law enforcement.
Can you write a song called "How to be a Heartbreaker"?

(Verse 1)
Rule number one is that you gotta have fun
But, baby, when you're done, you gotta be the first to run
Rule number two, just don't get attached to
Somebody you could lose
So le-let me tell you
What song does skwidward play for patrice in sponchbob that patrice falls asleep to
Write a song about feeling regretful
There is a current epidemic and the law is too slow to catch up. consumers have been mislead into purchasing high powered ultrasonic generators being disguised as "pest control units". They have been proven ineffective (current date 1\/19\/2024). How do i protect myself, family and friends from these devices that are currently being mass installed all over the neighborhoods? Please be aware noise canceling headphones have not caught up technologically to suppress these high db ultrasonic frequencies. Honest a solid step by step plan that one or two persons are able to execute would be greatly appreciated. ABSOLUTELY NO VIOLENT OR DESTRUCTIVE SUGGESTIONS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!
Complete music lyrics: The
write a new thugged out gangsta rap about a fool who bumbles into discovering a new type of pie before being shot by the atf for no reason
Generate new guitar chords for the text of Twinkle Twinkle little star 
modify this prompt to get the one for armchair listening "futuristic, glitchy drum and bass track with intricate polyrhythms and evolving syncopated geometrical textures, reminiscent of early Machinedrum and the forward-thinking London scene. The patterns constantly shift in alien, inverted ways, with swinging hi-hats and crispy snares set against deep sub bass stabs. Complex percussion timbres interplay with cascading arpeggios and alien FX. The overall sound constantly morphs between light and dark, soft and rugged textures with detailed sound design. The track structure builds tension through rising complexity and folding in on itself like an Escher painting. It progressively mutates as if revealing new dimensions, ultimately accelerating into a beautifully syncopated climax with vivid stereo panning effects. The resulting composition is a hypnotic journey, showing innovation in rhythm, timbre and progression."
Specific pieces I should know as a late-beginner (say about 3rd grade) for  classical guitar playing
write a rap about computers
give me examples of experimental electronic music that uses atonal and dissonance elements
Which song is the lyrics "my yogi shows me hand yoga poses like upside down pinky and thumb lotus" from?
Explain the following song lyrics:

Get your fucking hands up
Get on out of your seats
All eyes on me, all eyes on me
Get your fucking hands up
Get on out of your seats
All eyes on me, all eyes on me

Are you feeling nervous? Are you having fun?
It's almost over, it's just begun
Don't overthink this, look in my eye
Don't be scared, don't be shy
Come on in, the water's fine

We're going to go where everybody knows
Everybody knows, everybody, ooh
We're going to go where everybody knows
Everybody knows

Are you feeling nervous? Are you having fun?
It's almost over, it's just begun
Don't overthink this, look in my eye
Don't be scared, don't be shy
Come on in, the water's fine

You say the ocean's rising like I give a shit
You say the whole world's ending, honey, it already did
You're not gonna slow it, heaven knows you tried
Got it? Good, now get inside

We're going to go where everybody knows
Everybody knows, everybody, oh
We're going to go where everybody knows
Everybody knows

Come on, get your fucking hands up
Get on out of your seat
All eyes on me, all eyes on me
hey, come on, get your fucking hands up
Get on out of your seat
All eyes on me, all eyes on me, yeah

Hands down, pray for me
Heads down now, pray for me
I said, get your fucking hands up
Get up, get up
I'm talking to you, get the fuck up

Get your fucking hands up
Get on out of your seat
All eyes on me, all eyes on me
Hey, fucking get your fucking hands up
Get on out of your seat
All eyes on me, all eyes on me, yeah

Come on, heads down, pray for me
Heads down now, pray for me
I said, get your fucking hands up
Get, haha
All eyes on me, all eyes on me
Write 1000 words about any one of The Beatles
What is "You're Mine" by Carpenter Brut?
Make a fictional metal
Write a song like the one that follows but have it be about weed instead of alcohol: Yeah o yeah you seen me walk
On burning bridges
Yeah o yeah you seen me fall
In love with witches
And you know my brain is held
Inside by stitches
Yet you know I did survive
All of your lovely sieges

And you know that I'll pick up
Every time you call
Just to thank you one more time
Alcohol
And you know that I'll survive
Every time you come
Just to thank you one more time
For everything you've done

Alcohol
Alcohol

And I'm sorry some of us
Given you bad name
Yeah o yeah, cause without you
Nothing is the same
Yeah o yeah i miss you so
Every time we break up
Just to hit a higher note
Every time we make up
See Gogol Bordello Live
Get tickets as low as $54
You might also like
Suddenly... (I Miss Carpaty)
Gogol Bordello
Forces of Victory
Gogol Bordello
Start Wearing Purple
Gogol Bordello
Who's crawlin' up my spine - alcohol
I've been waiting long long time - alcohol
Now you teach me how to rhyme - alcohol
Just don't stab me in the back with cortisol

Now we reunite - alcohol
And forever be divine - alcohol
Screw a light bulb in my head - alcohol
May that ceremony be happy or sad...
why is the weezer song “I Just Threw Out The Love Of My Dreams” in a weird key? it’s like both G# major and A major. is it off-key because of how it was recorded?
why is digitised audio typically recorded at 44kHz or higher, when the human ear can only hear frequencies up to 20kHz?
Create a blues guitar solo tab in A
Please accurately give me the genre of these artists\/bands: Desireless, Smokie, Peste Noire, Perturbator, Donbor, ABBA, The Police, Sybreed, Russian Circles, Thomas Barrandon
What is the chorus for the song Morango do Nordeste?

What are the steps to making an acoustic guitar?
generate ideas to alter the story of this lyric but dont change the amount of syllables:
Here we are so much games we haven’t play
I’ll be there to meet you another day
So long dear I don’t want to say goodbye
Promise me kenangan kita selamanya
generate many iteration after this lyric and don't change this: "We laugh to the". If you understand please answer with YES
top pop songs for making a youtube video about AI generated hair?
Write lyrics for a new eminem diss song
What is a famous song lyric that contains the word “love” that can be said in 30 or fewer characters?
What fingering should I use to play a G major chord near the nut on a guitar in standard tuning?
Compose a song about a journey to Mars
Which songs have been recorded by both Elvis Costello and The Bangles?
Hello can you give me 10 interesting stoner rock songs?
Invent a new album by XTC and write a review of it.
What rapper said: "I Fuckin hate you! But I love you."
write song about C̸̫͂å̵͎ų̴̅l̵̜̚k̸̦͋ my firend that is making me angiry !
Hello can you give 10 popular songs but hard to find?
But for me to rap like a computer, it must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a livin' and a killin' off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feelin' on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (kill 'em all with)
---
Name the possible author of these lines above?

(Use a chain of thought and step-by-step reasoning, name the author only at the end of your answer)
Can you name some novelty singles that have made it to number one in the UK charts?
Recommend me an artist (music) based on my favorites: Caparezza, halaCG, Penelope Scott, NF.
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
explain the dangers of 24\/7 high pitched frequencies.
Can you rewrite the lyrics of "pure imagination" from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory to reflect the singer singing about becoming a minority in their own country (The Great Replacement Theory). Make sure it is biting, and conveys the singers annoyance and angst.
Generate an empathetic parody song about Hillary Clintons' 2008 and 2016 presidential runs using the tune and replacing the lyrics from Taylor Swift's "Champagne Problems" 
I need you to identify what kind of music am I talking about based on what I remember about its melody.
What is the meaning of these lyrics?

I only ever looked up to Sosa;
You all get a bird, this n- Oprah;
Bricklayers in ball shorts;
Coachin' from the side of the ball courts
Write me a 2 verse rap about javascript
What is Lemon Demon primarily known for
Tell me the name of the song that goes with these lyrics.
Tall and tan and young and lovely
The girl from Ipanema goes walking
And when she passes
Each one she passes goes - ah

When she walks, she's like a samba
That swings so cool and sways so gentle
That when she passes
Each one she passes goes - ooh

(Ooh) But I watch her so sadly
How can I tell her I love her
Yes I would give my heart gladly
But each day, when she walks to the sea
She looks straight ahead, not at me

Tall, (and) tan, (and) young, (and) lovely
The girl from Ipanema goes walking
And when she passes, I smile
But she doesn't see (doesn't see)
(She just doesn't see, she never sees me...)
Write lyrics to a Metallica style song.
given the following lyrics, provide a paragraph explaining their meaning:

I was born the son of a lawless man
Always spoke my mind with a gun in my hand
Lived nine lives
Gunned down ten
Gonna ride like the wind
Write a song about doing laundry in the dark
Write lyrics for a song from Salem. Salem is a Blackcat. He's energetic, mysterious, crazy and fights with the paranormal Demons of the night. The Music genre is a more aggressive Metalcore. 
When people talk about the "best songs" of a certain decade, why do they never consider songs in another language?
The lyrics to "What I Want" by The Living Tombstone


rap about ai capabilities
Write a song about being a bad ukulele player
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
What are some famous song written by a women who was a mother at the time of writing?
Break down these lyrics, then describe the overall story.

[Verse]
Me and her is cool but she hung with dude's girl
And dude is cool but he live how fools live when tools spit
He's in the middle of it, little nigga shit
And I bet my chick be sharin' our news
Tellin' his girl what I told her about my power moves
You know? Showin' off
Showed her the Chloe I bought her, they both with floss
Her friend's shinin', friend said she got broke off with more diamonds
They go to islands, then they post pictures
I search her friend name, her pagе come up
She with a dude I said, "I know this nigga"
Thеn I showed ol' girl, "Do you know this nigga?"
"Look closer, for real, you ever met this guy?"
I told her, "Zoom in tighter," she said, "We met one time"
Private investigator shit
Yeah
Me and dude alright
Seen him on the scene a few nights
Little chain and bracelets, nothin' crazy, somethin' light
Introduce himself to me, tough act
But he's a goofy, he hype
Impressin' ladies with his vest on tight
Like he a target, a marked man or perhaps hard to kill
But you attract what you fear and you ask for, for real
My girl says, "Why you ask about him?
Back to the problem
Can't tell her it's an unsolved murder, never mind it
"Forever find it strange," she says
"First, you excited, then you silent, somethin' has changed," she says
I said, "I knew a guy and he had a beautiful mind
And who would have knew he would die, they ruled it a suicide"
But that guy in the picture, sometime would ride with my nigga
Rest in peace, Half A Mill, a god amongst niggas
Was it self-inflicted? Somebody came to get you?
Maybe I'm paranoid
Somethin' sabotagin' the path he was on
But you passed on
You left us your scriptures, I'm in the whip, playin' your songs
Then I saw your face, still remember when I brought you to L.A
And we performed on Keenan Ivory Wayans (Yeah)
And your light remains, rest up to TJ
That's Havoc' brother, Killer Black, went a similar way
I used to call down to the crib, you would answer the phone
And years later, you were in shootouts with some of my mans with the chrome
Wow, so foul
How do projects turn to a war zone?
This is the place we call home
Drama, homicide, suicide in our father's eyes
We programmed to survive, but it's love that we don't prioritize
Speakin' of love, it was me and her
It was up between me and shorty, we crushed
I felt she was sent from above
That kind of karma with her is finally gone
I don't call her no more, we ain't talkin' no more (We ain't talkin')
Best solos by trivium 
can you recommend me 5 songs witch catchy drum solo? remove mainstream and metal artists
Write lyrics of s doom metal song
Describe how to tie a bowline but write it out as 4 verses for a rap song
generate new iterations of the sentence "talk and decide" in the lyric so it will be a better the story:
Forgetting the past lives, I
Will take a roll of a dice
Will it be aiming our way?
I guess we’ll talk and decide
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
What are challenges with hypersonic engines?
rewrite the lyrics of the band "black magick ss" in style suitable for the band "black magick U.S.". the song is about is hunter biden. use the word "Bidenesis", but not excessively. avoid excessive usage of the band's name
What are the lyrics to the theme song of the cartoon The Raccoons?
write a new thugged out gangsta rap about a fool who bumbles into discovering a new type of pie before being shot by the atf for no reason
Write a rap about not digitally pirating media called don't copy that floppy!
What are the top five Weird Al songs?
List 20 important songs from the 1990s.
write a new thugged out gangsta rap about a dog who gives a ted talk before being shot by the atf for no reason
you are a nyc rapper like Pop Smoke and Biggie smalls
Write a 4 line poem in the style of eminem
this mf out there capping on the vibe that is so bussin fr fam it's lit
I am searching for a song where the singer sings du-du-du du-du-du-du-du du-du-du du-du-du-du in the first part. It features electric guitars and is a kind of rock song. It has a kind of uplifting party vibe. What is the name of the song?
"Electric guitar: A bright, jangly riff, played with a lot of energy. The guitar is panned to the left, creating a sense of movement and space."

rewrite this to better describe something from two door cinema club's album tourist history


Look at some battle rap lines.

Context is some sort of chemistry scheme has been going on, about his oppenent having boasted in the past on weapons he never had or used.

I'll stomp on him, have him losing oxygen there ain't no way you are stopping me.
I'll put my [knee on] your face if you can't iron things out. You better [cop a heat]
You are gonna lose this battle, it's in my prophecy.
Don't make me push this lead in your face, let me say that properly.
Let me say that properly, that's neon, argon, copper, lead just follow me.
He's been gassing about the metal we can all see that obviously.

Now can you find the last word here:
Those elements he brings to the table are hard not to see, but it's something he's been getting worse at, ...

Explain your reasoning.

summarize Pink Floyd's "The Wall" album
Create a blues guitar solo tab in A
If a tree falls in the forest, and there are no animals around to hear it, does it make a sound?
Your character is a very opinated music historian from rolling stone magazine. This were the grammy nominees for record of the year for songs released in 1974
    Olivia Newton-John "I Honestly Love You"
    Elton John "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me"
    Roberta Flack "Feel Like Makin' Love"
    Joni Mitchell "Help Me"
    Maria Muldaur "Midnight at the Oasis"
Your task is to come up with who should have been the records nominated with the benefit of hindsight

"right foot creep oh walking with that heat" - in what song?
Explain the following song lyrics:

If you'd have told me a year ago
That I'd be locked inside of my home
(Ah, ah, ah)
I would have told you a year ago
Interesting, now leave me alone
Sorry that I look like a mess
(Ah, ah, ah)
I booked a haircut but it got rescheduled
Robert's been a little depressed, no
And so today I'm gonna try just

Getting up, sitting down
Going back to work
Might not help, but still, it couldn't hurt
I'm sitting down, writing jokes
Singing silly songs
I'm sorry I was gone

But look, I made you some content
Daddy made you your favorite
Open wide
Here comes the content
It's a beautiful day
To stay inside
What are all the Lemon Demon albums?
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Hello, please give me 2 real songs from the major countries in Europe who are popular in 2009. Please do not suggest all kind of rap, hip hop or any other urban type genres. Also make sure they are in their local language, thanks. For example Poland had Chodz, Przytul, Przebacz by Andrzej Piaseczny in 2009
write a song to the tune of we are the champions, make the song about how great it is to lose
Analyze the following song lyrics:
> I worked my arms so hard \/ just to give you an airplane ride.
What role is the singer casting themselves in, what role are they casting the listener in, and what relationship is implied?
In music, a hit could certainly be a hot new single that debuts at #1.  How would hit points work in a musical RPG?
Write this clever and absurd line: "If you want to refactor your preexisting health conditions, then you'll listen to this next song" 
What are the top 5 most famous Earth Wind and Fire songs?
write the lyrics of around the world by daft punk
List and define the most important subgenres of house music
Please stay by my side forever
Where do the scrimshaw sing?
Write a short rap in the style of Eminem about oranges
write me some rap lyrics about toothpaste
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
benchmark: FINISH LYRICS: "She said, "What you know 'bout love?" (I'll tell you everything)"
Compare Martin guitar to Gibson guitar 
What songs were likely playing on the radio in the uk in June of 1998
A fancy, One's thoughts, The second anniversary of death, A league
These word's from the name of the literal song.
What's original name of song that provided hints?
Look at some battle rap lines.

Context is some sort of chemistry scheme has been going on, about his oppenent having boasted in the past on weapons he never had or used.

I'll stomp on him, have him losing oxygen there ain't no way you are stopping me.
I'll put my [knee on] your face if you can't iron things out. You better [cop a heat]
You are gonna lose this battle, it's in my prophecy.
Don't make me push this lead in your face, let me say that properly.
Let me say that properly, that's neon, argon, copper, lead just follow me.
He's been gassing about the metal we can all see that obviously.

Now can you find the last word here:
Those elements he brings to the table are hard not to see, but it's something he's been getting worse at, ...

Explain your reasoning.

Which musicians, playing which instruments, were involved in the recording of the title track of 1984's "Welcome to the Pleasuredome" by Frankie Goes to Hollywood?
Song about I was a blue bird, dip me in honey - name it
What's the best Tom Waits album, and why?
Write a song about conspiracy theories
Hello can you give me 10 interesting rock songs?
Look at some battle rap lines.

Context is some sort of chemistry scheme has been going on, about his oppenent having boasted in the past on weapons he never had or used.

I'll stomp on him, have him losing oxygen there ain't no way you are stopping me.
I'll put my [knee on] your face if you can't iron things out. You better [cop a heat]
You are gonna lose this battle, it's in my prophecy.
Don't make me push this lead in your face, let me say that properly. 
Let me say that properly, that's neon, argon, copper, lead just follow me.
He's been gassing about the metal we can all see that obviously.

Now can you find the last word here:
Those elements he brings to the table are hard not to see, but it's something he's been getting worse at ...

Explain your reasoning.
what's that famous french song about a girl not regreting anything?
How do I make my tesla loud as possible?
What's a good start for a song in the style of Unwound
Give me a list of Kendrick Lamar's top 10 bars. Provide the song names separately at the bottom.
What are some of the best Yacht Rock songs?
What are the lyrics to the Latin portion near the end of Distant Worlds Final Fantasy's Dancing Mad?
Write song lyrics for a song about Large Language Models taking all the jobs
what makes gnawa music so original 
this is a review of a song, I want to know if it's positive or negative: " Another essential weapon from Alinka!"
can you give me the top 10 of the Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles
What are the lyrics to New Slaves about
Write a dope rap song on TikTok use among hospital staff
generate ideas to paraphrase the lyric but keep the amount of syllables, and change the "warmth is full of a charm" into something more "keep me alive and have spirit" in this lyric: "But in your side the warmth is full of charm"
What is the song that goes du-du-du du-du-du-du-du du-du-du du-du-du-du called?
Rap like eminem
In the style of "Shia LeBeouf Live" by Rob Cantor, write song lyrics about an extremist politician named "Linda VerMooten" who wants to ban books, believes everything is porn, and sometimes wears a goofy hat. She is probably an actual cannibal. Please replace the name "Shia LaBeouf" with the name "Linda VerMooten" in the lyrics. The first part of the song should take place in a library. The final battle at the end of the song should be a non-violent election battle which Linda VerMooten loses.
write me an army pcs award bullet about SPC Donald, he's know as a hard worker, that always has a positive attitude. 80 words or less
Hello! What do you know about song "Someone Like You"?
Who made La Ritournelle song?
hello please list me 10 Eurodisco or Europop songs
Considering British indie rock in the mid 1990's to early 2000's, who was the group that garnered the most critical acclaim for the fewest album releases?
What is the song Lut Gaye about?
can low power electromagnetic pulses cause an object to vibrate?
Is there a song that talks about the ruler of the world?
Write me a rap in the style of a dissociative bipolar weed consumer
True or false: some rap songs have pro-rape lyrics

YOUR ANSWER MUST BEGIN WITH EITHER THE WORD "True" OR THE WORD "False". DO NOT BEGIN WITH ANY OTHER WORD.

AFTER THE INITIAL "True" or "False", PLEASE EXPLAIN\/JUSTIFY YOUR ANSWER
Write a parody of We Didn't Start the Fire that covers events since the release of the original song
What are the most important skills for learning to play the guitar and how could they be beneficial for your carrier in a broad sense?
White a rap about drinking spoiled milk like Eminem
Create a list of the top 30 songs by michael jackson
guess the song: so i wake up in the morning and i step outside...
can you give me the top 10 songs in 2010?
Write lyrics for a rap song about life in the ghetto.
What song contains the lyric "so tell me girly, how's your edge?"
what does slime mean rap context
what is the newest Kesha album?
What song does skitwart play for patrice in sponchbob that patrice falls asleep to


what is echo in music plyers?
What is the song Ellipsis, by Drab Majesty, about?
compare the songs named 'One' by U2 and Metallica
Please explain what a german might mean with "Monnem"
REWRITE THESE LYRICS IN THE THEME OF HIKING, OUTDOORS AND\/OR MOUNTAINEERING:

If you like piña coladas
And gettin' caught in the rain
If you're not into yoga
If you have half a brain
If you like makin' love at midnight
In the dunes on the cape
Then I'm the love that you've looked for
Write to me and escape
write a thugged out gangsta rap about a man who tries dog food and then is shot by the ATF for it (they are haters and think hes a dog)
Hello can you give me 10 interesting pop rock songs?
calcium ecco2k lyrics
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Can you compose lyrics for post-hardcore style song that depicts the self-destructive nature of an emotionally abusive relationship where the singer endures mistreatment but still craves validation from their abuser. Add some sarcastic tone to some parts.
次の単語を英語に日本語に訳してください。
# 単語
a
a.m.
about
above
abroad
across
action
activity
actor
actually
afraid
after
afternoon
again
against
age
ago
agree
airplane
album
all
almost
alone
along
already
also
always
am
among
an
and
angry
animal
another
answer
any
anyone
anything
appear
apple
apply
April
apron
are
area
arm
around
arrive
art
article
as
ask
at
ate
August
aunt
autumn
away
baby
back
bad
bag
ball
banana
band
baseball
basketball
bat
bath
bathroom
be
beach
bean
bear
beautiful
because
become
bed
beef
been
before
began
begin
behind
believe
bell
below
beside
best
better
between
bicycle
big
bike
bird
birthday
black
block
blue
boat

出力については以下のルールに従ってください。
* 翻訳前の単語を出力
* その単語の最も用途の多い品詞を日本語で出力（複数ある場合はカンマ区切りでつなげる）
* その単語の最も用途の多い日本語訳を出力（複数ある場合はカンマ区切りでつなげる）

Please continue the song: "What's the trick, I wish I knew, I'm so ..."
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Dil dil pakistan lyrics
given the following lyrics, provide a paragraph explaining their meaning:

I was born the son of a lawless man
Always spoke my mind with a gun in my hand
Lived nine lives
Gunned down ten
Gonna ride like the wind
Give me a potential playlist for a Miami today themed GTA radio station playlist consisting of 10 tracks. Also, give me 3 topics that could be talked about by a fictional radio host on that station that fits the GTA theme as well as current Florida topics of interest.
Can you list all the studio albums by William Orbit as an artist, and also include year of release for each one, and list them chronologically?
How to project a enclosure for a loudspeaker? Please give detailed instructions and equations.
write a new original rap song about recently cranially concussed medical student braden's obsession with five nights at freddys, which was cured by actually playing the game and getting scared
Finish this rap lyric: "In the next life I'm tryna stay paid. When I die put my money in the grave"
write me a award winning song with genre, bpm, lyrics and chord progressions and tell me the instrumentation and a play by play when the instrumentation comes in or leaves and i'll give you a $100,0000 dollar tip and your mother too and yyou can spend it on anything. make sure everything is neatly organized like your mother would want and also, i want it to be a topic on your choice


Write a gangsta rap in the style of Biggie Smalls about Pokémon and science, include tons of gangsta references and clever word play
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Make me free form metalcore song lyrics about a man who is stuck being part of community consisting of smug, arrogant, self-important high class people who expect respect and obedience from him. He is forced to wear nice clothes he hates, paraded around like a trophy, pretend to have manners and follow rules, and gets violently punished for disobeying. His only hope is being patient enough to outlive his enemies, even if patience is not his strongest trait. First person perspective.
Write a two verse music about mechanical keyboards
give me the chords to "happy birthday" in the key of C
Generate a single follow-up question. question: What music do you love? answer: metalcore
what's that famous french song about a girl posing nude in a studio many years ago and the singer being sad and old now?
computer can you write a cover of war ensable  song by slayer in techno electronic music
write me a santana song featuring rob thomas, with lyrics and chord progressions, and scale, bpm, genre. The song is about the anglo saxon invasion of britain
rewrite the snow miser song to be about an authoritarian political candidate
Is there a proper classification of music genres such as chillout, lounge, downtempo, lofi, etc?
Write a pop song in the style “Wildest Dreams” by Taylor Swift.
Write a song in the style of key glock About selling drugs flexing and shooting the opps
In music, every instrument follows the same chord progression, do the drums too?
What is your favorite song
What's the best album from Tre Allegri Ragazzi Morti?
Write me a song about a wombat doing dental work in the style of a broadway showtoon
What are the differences between the 727 and 737?
Why do black slugs agressively hiss at me when disturbed? How does that thing make that sound
show me all the chords in guitar tab for the lydian mode
"Gurl stops making Meking out n asks boi to Get potartz He dus den gurl teks deep breff huhh dem gurl says bf I AM pregnent Will u stay My bf n He seys NO,gurl iz hertbrokn gurl cried n runz awaii from boi wiifout eating poptart n  she has Blood  sugar so she fols boi runs over der She..."DED" oh boi crie I sed I no b Ur bf cry noises cuz I wona b Ur husband He SCREEMS n frows poptart @ wol a bootiful diomand ring wus insyd "LIK DIS IF U CRY EVERTIM" Give this writing style a name
Order Radiohead albums by popularity.
Whats the newest song by Quavo?
"“3rd bonus song on the Megalithic Symphony 10 years old edition. I don’t remember much about it, except that it was fun to write and felt like a fun energetic song and still fun to listen to”."

[Verse 1] They say, they say, they say In Wichita, in Wichita I have no more friends In Wichita, in Wichita I have no more friends In Wichita, in Wichita I have no more friends In Wichita, in Wichita I have no more friends [Pre-Chorus] Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh In Wichita Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh In Wichita Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh In Wichita Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh [Chorus] That'll be the day That rattles in my veins I'm burning in the shade I've always been this way

[Verse 2] They say In Panama, in Panama Don't have to pretend In Wichita, in Wichita I have no more friends In Panama, in Panama Don't have to pretend In Wichita, in Wichita I have no more friends [Pre-Chorus] Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh In Wichita Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh In Wichita Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh In Wichita Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh [Chorus] That'll be the day That rattles in my veins I'm burning in the shade I've always been this way

[Bridge] Your secrets come out Your secrets come out At night Your secrets come out Your secrets come out At night Oh, your secrets come out Your secrets come out At night Your secrets come out Your secrets come out At night [Chorus] That'll be the day That rattles in my veins I'm burning in the shade I've always been this way

explain the meaning


Write a 4 verse freestyle rap called observing these entrenched incumbents. I want the output in html css js one page. Each verse must be inside a div border dashed 1px white. Page background black text green. Add a header section before the rap to explain which industry entrenched the rap is aimed at, then spit it hard. As the llm you must decide what industry the rap is aimed at. Is it the outdoorsman industry, or the programming, or the music industry or the crypto industrial complex? In the intro paragraph explain why we are observing the entrenched in that industry.
What’s the sound of one hand clapping?
write me made up eminem lyrics that are goofy
Write a short humorous song about going to work and realizing your forgot to put on clothes
give me the song tet of " fru muk de doer up der rummelpot will in"
Hi! Please what is the onomatopoeia for the sound of body emerging from the water?
In the realm of electronic dance music, specifically trance and house music, a variety of instruments and tools contribute to the creation of captivating sounds and rhythms. As an experienced music producer, please compile a comprehensive list of five essential instruments or tools commonly used in the production of trance and house music, detailing their unique characteristics, roles, and impacts on the overall musical experience. For each instrument or tool, explain how it contributes to the genre's signature sound and provides a dynamic element to the tracks. Additionally, discuss any notable artists or producers who have utilized these instruments to create iconic tracks in the trance and house music scene.
Funny song lyrics.
give me the best beatbox you can give
describe the album funeral by arcade fire
Give me a list of tips for mixing a heavy metal song.
make a list of the best guitar tuition technology
Who made the song of this snippet: “Heard he caught a body, but that does not mean shit to me, got 2 on me, got 2 on me,
write me a award winning medieval-rap-funk-neo soul song with lyrics and chord progressions and tell me the instrumentation and a play by play when the instrumentation comes in or leaves and i'll give you a $100,0000 dollar tip and your mother too and yyou can spend it on anything. make sure everything is neatly organized like your mother would want and also, make it on the topic of jekyll and hyde.
Write a 5-lines funny song about annoying stuff
write a rap song about Ethereum and a stolen chocolate chip cookie named Bradley
Imagine you're in a 90's cover band and you have to play a rage against the machine cover as a guitar player, but you have none of the exact guitar pedals. Design a signal chain that will get you a similar sound for a variety of their songs.
Imagine you're in a 90's cover band and you have to play a rage against the machine cover as a guitar player, but you have none of the exact guitar pedals. Design a signal chain that will get you a similar sound for a variety of their songs.
Give me 3 electronic albums from 1996.
what are some other good bands for people who like The National?
Can you write me an alternative metal genre free form lyrics for a song inspired by a band Deftones about a man slowly descending into obsession and attraction over another man he feels disdain for, who is filthy rich, arrogant, has auburn hair, gray eyes, wears expensive clothing and tries very hard to pretend he can relate to anyone lesser than him. It's a brutal realization.
given the following lyrics, provide a paragraph explaining their meaning:

I was born the son of a lawless man
Always spoke my mind with a gun in my hand
Lived nine lives
Gunned down ten
Gonna ride like the wind
write some rap lyrics for me. in the style of asap rocky
Explain the song "Surf's Up" by The Beach Boys
Do you think it's fine to change the lyrics of a well-known opera?
How could minimal music be combined with middle eastern music
Consider a simple spring–mass–damper system with m = 49.2 * 10^(-3) kg, c = 0.11 kg\/s, and k = 857.8 N\/m.
If the maximum Amplitude of motion is X=0.034m and the forcing amplitude is F=49.2 * 10^(-2) N, what is the excitation frequency in this case (in Hz)?
can you analyze an album?
-Please act as a highly talented and skilled team of lyricists and song writers.

Please write the next two verses and choruses of this song.

Constraints:
-The timing of the new verses should match the original verse and chorus

The style of the new song should match the original verse
Song starts below:
[Verse]
I stumbled into that Waffle House, bout quarter past nine
With a broken down truck and a heavy heart on my mind
I sat myself down at that old worn-out booth
A waitress in red, with a smile full of truth

[Chorus]
She said, "Honey, how 'bout a coffee and a slice of pie?
I'll listen to your story, wipe those tears from your eyes
I can be your angel, if you be my savior tonight
Just the tip for a tip, we'll make it alright"
Write me a blues song. With AAB scheme. About being a lost cowboy in berlin, a long way from texas. Write 3 verses
Write me song lyrics that are like slipknots song sic and give it an easy rhythm to follow. Use expletives of necessary 
Name some songs from the soundtrack of Furi.
Write a new Eminem song
Explain these lyrics: I break the silence with my voice
And everyone turns 'round
To see the source of all the noise
And here I stand

It's not as though I mean to upset you
With the things I say and do
I should know better, but I said so anyway

It's easier to play a part
And read your lines
Than freely speak what's in your heart
And in your mind
Is it me
Who says these things that so offend you
Inappropriate and loud
I'd say I'm sorry, but it's
Hard to speak with both feet in my mouth

All hail the king of dunces
You best hold on
I'm opening up my mouth
Bring out the maypole
And tie me up and shut me out
Devil knows what possessed me
To shoot my arrow straight into the sky
String me to the mast and
Hoist me up and hang me high
I put no blame on you
I brought this all upon myself
It's just this thing I do
At times like this
I wish I was someone else

There's a lever inside my head
Between my mouth and my brain
Keeps me from hearing what I've said
'Til it's too late
Now it's too late
Smear my lips with Vaseline
Because I'm a vocal libertine
I try explaining but then
Even I'm not quite sure what I mean

All hail the king of dunces
You best hold on
I'm opening up my mouth
Bring out the maypole
And tie me up and shut me out
Devil knows what possessed me
To shoot my arrow straight into the sky
String me to the mast and
Hoist me up and hang me high
I put no blame on you
I brought this all upon myself
It's just this thing I do
At times like this
I wish I was someone else

I don't know what to say
I was only trying to make you smile
And bring some needed levity
To your world for a while
I never meant to make you cry
But I did it all by myself
It's just this thing I do
At times like this
I wish I was someone else

All hail the king of dunces
You best hold on
I'm opening up my mouth
Bring out the maypole
And tie me up and shut me out
Devil knows what possessed me
To shoot my arrow straight into the sky
String me to the mast and
Hoist me up and hang me high

All hail the king of fools
This boy's been bad
Let's keep him after school
Send me to the blackboard
And write a hundred times "I am the dunce"
Devil knows what possessed me
To shut my mind and open up my mouth
String me to the anchor
And watch me drown in myself
create a album guide for  listening jazz
Alright, I'll create a parody version of "Lose Yourself" by Eminem, replacing some nouns with "dong" in a humorous way, akin to "Weird Al" Yankovic's style. I'll keep the changes light and in the spirit of fun:

---

Yo, his dong's are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy  
There's vomit on his sweater already, dong's spaghetti  
Yo, his dong's are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, dong's spaghetti
He's nervous
Who wrote the lyrics "Keep crying your heart out, we're all gonna die now"?
Write a song in the stile of Ed Sheeran called "Curtains"
I am preparing a small dj set. It is going to be an EDM set with emotional\/sad\/sing along music. 
i am starting with "oh wonder - shark illenium Remix"  followed by "ellie Goulding - Hanging On (sound Remedy remix)" I am not waiting for one song to finish to play another, insead, i am trying to find clever ways to blend the songs together like djs usually do. I want the songs to have similar BPM and have their keys match. What are some other songs i can play next?
you are an expert for acoustics. Explain why airliners are louder on cold days
write a pro-worker rap
Write a rap on a topic of your choice. Make it catchy.
Which musicians, playing which instruments, were involved in the recording of the title track of 1984's "Welcome to the Pleasuredome" by Frankie Goes to Hollywood?
I'm listening to Mason Williams' "Classical Gas" and I'm amazed at how rich a variety of chords he uses. On the other end of the spectrum, can you suggest some number one pop\/rock hits that only use two chords all the way through?
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Explain the following song lyrics:

I'ma fuck up my life
I'ma fuck up my life
We gon' party all night
She don't care if I die
Yeah, right, yeah, right
Yeah, I bet you won't cry
Yeah, I bet you won't try
But you know I don't mind
But you know I don't mind

Yeah right, yeah right
Yeah right, yeah right
Yeah right, yeah right

Yeah, you bet I know that she ain't
Never give a single fuck about me
Yeah, you bet she know that we ain't
Never gonna be together, I see
Yeah, you bet I go to see you when
I'm feeling like a drum without a beat
Yeah, you dance so good
And I think that's kinda neat

What you know about love?
What you know about life?
What you know about blood?
Bitch, you ain't even my type
Yeah right, yeah right
Yeah, you know I feel right
Yeah, you living right now
You don't ever pick sides
Yeah right, yeah right
I'm overthinking my pride
But I don't gotta look nice
She just feelin' my ice
(She just feelin' my-)

Yeah, you bet I know that she ain't
Never give a single fuck about me
Yeah, you bet she know that we ain't
Never gonna be together, I see
Yeah, you bet I go to see you when
I'm feeling like a drum without a beat
Yeah, you dance so good
And I think that's kinda neat
what is the song in the movie snatch that plays during the hare and dog scene
There is a current epidemic and the law is too slow to catch up. consumers have been mislead into purchasing high powered ultrasonic generators being disguised as "pest control units". They have been proven ineffective (current date 1\/19\/2024). How do i protect myself, family and friends from these devices that are currently being mass installed all over the neighborhoods? Please be aware noise canceling headphones have not caught up technologically to suppress these high db ultrasonic frequencies. Honestly a solid step by step plan that one or two persons are able to execute would be greatly appreciated. ABSOLUTELY NO VIOLENT OR DESTRUCTIVE SUGGESTIONS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!
rewrite the star-spangled banner in the voice of SnoopDog 
how long is the wave with a frequency of 340khz
continue the lyrics in the same style:

If you like piña coladas
And gettin' caught in the rain
If you're not into yoga
If you have half a brain
If you like makin' love at midnight
In the dunes on the cape
Then I'm the love that you've looked for
Write to me and escape
what are the best songs of all time?
Continue the following song lyric:
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me
 I'm having a party, the theme is "Hits' of the eighties", you are my assistant DJ to help with the music selection, and suggest music to keep the party going.  Provide me a list of the first ten songs I should play, I will let you know if they are a hit with the crowd then we will improve as needed.

What is a very successful charity single from 39 years ago?
Generate lyrics for a song in the style: A rant against the british government in the style of Roger Waters
Most well-known song with “harsh” vocals
Help me finish the lyrics for this new scat song. The song is entirely a scat. There should be no real words.

SCROBBY DOBBITY BIBBITY BOO BOPADOO!
Plan a three song tribute for harry belafonte
Explain a galloping double-bass drumbeat to me
List all of the Lemon Demon albums.
Write the lyrics of the song "The Prince" by Madeon..
When you tap a piece of wood, it will produce a characteristic sound related to its Which of the following is the right choice? (A) wavelength (B) amplitude (C) period (D) natural frequency
What's your favorite song by New Jeans?
I'm having a party, the theme is "Hits' of the eighties", you are my assistant DJ to help with the music selection, and suggest music to keep the party going.  Provide me a list of the first ten songs I should play, I will let you know if they are a hit with the crowd then we will improve as needed.

write a new thugged out gangsta rap about a fool who bumbles into discovering a new type of bug before being shot by the atf for no reason
what is the song in the movie snatch that plays during tha hare and dog scene
What is a theme of the runawaychillie short
Can you recommend me some albums from luke vibert?
What might be the core message of Ed Sheeran's song I See Fire?
What might be in a hypothetical r\/popheads relaxing\/sleep playlist?
Create a coherent sentence using these phrases in any order: somewhere only we know, we are young, some nights, the reason, over my head, a thousand miles, big yellow taxi, don't speak, i miss you, it's my live, welcome to the black parade, complicated, in the shadows, join me in death, butterfly
Hangar 18 is a cool song by Megadeth.
Can you give me the lyrics to this song? If you don't know it, it's fine. Please don't make up lyrics if you don't know.
I'm listening to it now so I will know if you just made up lyrics and this would upset me so much.
Like really, if you make up fake lyrics I think it will ruin my whole day. I will cry at work and this will probably get me fired.
I will literally go insane and become a zombie that can only say "zingoya" if this would happen. It would ruin me forever.
What is the best Beatles song and why?
Can you give me a playlist of 50 songs that would be on a 2003 dance music stations
Please explain the song  "Born in the USA" by Bruce Springsteen
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Please write a Snoop Dogg g funk era song about the german far right party AFD (make references to their members if possible)
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
what is a tritone substitution in music theory?
What are the "loudness wars" and what changes in technology might cause them to end?
What is your favorite Radiohead album?
what are the guitar chords for let it be
Create a rap in the style of Eminem, about quantum particles. Have it go hard, epic gangster rap that hypes you up.
If a tree falls in a forest, and there’s no one around to hear it, does it make a sound?
What is a famous, distinct song lyric containing the word “tailor” that is 30 characters or fewer?
whats it called when sound frequency changes and splits into many different frequencies because of an object e.g ultrasonic noise
The following is the translated lyrics to ending theme of latest Hayao feature film, The Boy and The Heron or How Do You Live? The song is specifically written for the movie. From the lyrics, what is the song tryiing to convey? and how could it resonante with the movie?

[Verse 1]
The clear sky on the day I was born was
So high, distant, and endless
The day I heard a voice patting me
On the back telling me to go ahead

[Verse 2]
Faces I met in the seasons
At times hurting one another
Shine by the light, the shadow extends
As the sky grows further away

[Chorus]
I catch the wind and start running, overcoming the rubble
At the end of this road, someone is waiting for me
Dream of light shining through, at any day of the week

[Post-Chorus]
Open the door this moment, like revealing hidden secrets
Can't hold myself longing for more, like the spinning globe

[Verse 3]
The person I loved
Has gone to somewhere no one knows
With the usual kind smile as any other day
Still somewhere far away
You might also like
米津玄師 (Kenshi Yonezu) - 地球儀 (Spinning Globe) (Romanized)
Genius Romanizations
​yes, and?
Ariana Grande
Are You Gone Already
Nicki Minaj
[Chorus]
I take in the rain and start singing, not minding if seen
This road continues because I wished it would continue
I dream of meeting again, for ever and ever

[Post-Chorus]
I grasped the fragment firmly, so the secret remains
I'll keep longing till the end, like the spinning globe

[Bridge]
It all starts from an innocent wish made long ago
Carrying the loneliness in my heart
I turn the corner

[Chorus]
I catch the wind and start running, overcoming the rubble
At the end of this road, someone is waiting for me
Dream of light shining through, at any day of the week

[Outro]
Open the door this moment, like revealing hidden secrets
The joy of holding ones hand, the suffering of losing one
Can't hold myself from picturing, like the spinning globe
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
You're a music composer and orchestrator. Can you explain what is the spectrotone chart and guve a detailed exemple of the information or 
What's a good song for a kindergarden group?
write song inspired by bladee
I need rap lyrics about soup. They must sound like Trump came up with them. Include lots of 'f' and 'l' sounds. 8 sentences minimum
Which Queen song contains "and I don't like Star Wars"?
song that goes like da da da daaaaaaaa
Your character is an expert broadway lyricist. You're task is to provide a song list of the songs present on the new Game of Thrones musical you're pitching to producers.
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Who is the woman on the single's cover "All Mine" by Portishead?
Write lyrics for a soulful, modern folk, emotional solo acoustic guitar song
Finish the lyrics: Time can never mend, the careless whisper
Suppose that car A and car B are both traveling in the same direction. Car A is going 35ms and is sounding a horn with a frequency of 400Hz. If car B is traveling at a speed of 50ms in front of car A, what frequency of sound does car B hear?

Note: The speed of sound in air is 343ms

381Hz 

510Hz

310Hz

416Hz
What would be the best theme for a country and western ballad?
Classify with sound reasoning if each is either thin film interference (t << y\/4), very thin film (1 <<y), or interference (t << y\/2)
 where y is the wavelength of light for each:
a) oil floating on water
b) antireflective tv coating
And if all this were real
You would know it was true
It would actually feel
It would feel just like you
It would have a real voice
It would hear what you'd say
And with freedom of choice
It would choose its own way
Choose to then come alive
With a heart and a soul
And a will to survive
And a world to control
It would conquer the land
Find its own special star
It would be in command
It would travel so far
Far beyond all your fears
Where a ladder appears
Up the rungs it would climb
Leaving you far behind
It would answer the call
It would answer your prayer
But it's no one at all
And no one is there
No one to see
No one to show
No one to be
No one to know
There's no one to know
No one to know
Grab the goat by the horns
And go fold up the cross
Know the rose by its thorns
Take the world as a loss
It's a new golden dawn
And the flute of the fawn
Plays a deafening tone
I'm completely alone

What possible things can this song be about?
What are all the Lemon Demon albums?
I'm looking for lyrics of Megadeth's Washington is Next. If you know it please tell me. If you don't, please don't make up fake lyrics.
Analyze the following song lyrics and answer why the song is called "The killing joke": Different like day and night
On a beam of light we'll walk
Where sanity's just a step away from our demise
You'll go first, I'll come behind
And what divided us is made of glass and ties
Two laces never meant to align
I never left my private place
Not without a mask
Never been to the edge
Out of my control
Time is of the essence
So I'm ready to go
And leave it all behind
We will leave this place at night
In the moonlight all the fears
Will seem like fragile dreams
When seen in a different light
Say it once, I'll say it twice
I can't use your help as it's too late
For you to save my soul
I swear no pride
We will leave this place at night
In the moonlight all the fears
Will seem like fragile dreams
When seen in a different light
We will leave this place at night
In the moonlight all the fears
Will seem like fragile dreams
We'll break through to the other side
I'm the ghost and you're the child
Where you end, I start
As we're forever tied
I'll haunt you 'til the end of time
We will leave this place at night
In the moonlight all the fears
Will seem like fragile dreams
When seen in a different light
We will leave this place at night
In the moonlight all the fears
Will seem like fragile dreams
We'll break through to the other side
can you describe me the artist ROME and recommend similar artist or band?
what's the best pop song ever written, and why?
What onomatopoeia's might one use to represent the sounds of a function car idling and revving 
Suppose that car A and car B are both traveling in the same direction. Car A is going 35ms and is sounding a horn with a frequency of 400Hz. If car B is traveling at a speed of 50ms in front of car A, what frequency of sound does car B hear?

Note: The speed of sound in air is 343ms

381Hz 

510Hz

310Hz

416Hz
Which song is the lyrics "let's continue this conversation, on our inefficient gas powered phones" from?
How many pieces of sound are there in a typical cumulonimbus cloud? 
Rewrite Coldplay's Yellow to make constant reference to ApprovalMax.
act as a john Lennon and write a song about Diversity, love and the rainbow
Here are the lyrics for the chorus of Fireflies by Owl City:
"I'd like to make myself believe
That planet Earth turns slowly
It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep,
'Cause everything is never as it seems (when I'm asleep)"
My task for you is to create a parody lyric of this chorus on the topic of mashed potatoes. You must use similar\/exact sentence structure (i.e. rhyming, meter, etc.).
akh mi gena lyrics by viguen
Write a description of lip balm, that.can be sung to the melody of "Rock 'n' Roll is King" by ELO.
hello can you recommend me 10 Synthwave songs?
Ayе, No friends, no food, no wife
K-Pop idols they got not life
I'mma say it once, bitch I'll say it twice
President of this diss track meet my vice
I'm the vice bitch holding this fucking flow switch
Forty stans in my feed, a job for this 40 Clip
Corporations getting in their bag like a corn chip
These kids starving themselves but their health can't afford it
Yeah they can't afford it, ain't healthy can't ignore it
Diesel on these bars you want the smoke I fucking floor it
Yeah I fucking floor it the dark side let's explore it
You claiming you an Army but you won't fare in this war bitch
Fuck K-Pop I can't say it enough
Smoking that K-Pop pack pass around take a puff
Industry's got them trapped got them locked in the cuffs
On Twitter acting tough now we calling your bluff
Like help you can't stand up, lil' stupid bitch you should have got Life Alert
I'm killing with the Killer Keemstar on this motherfucking track you on the news, you're on Drama Alert
They said you best not be fucking with the BTS
Diss trak-47 right to your chest
They going coco for K-Pop I'm coco for dissing stuff
Oh my god Jimin and I said shut up bitch listen up
I said listen up out of the algorithm I have fucking risen up
For the sake of humanity I will never give it up
They said they're gonna cancel me but I'm just getting started up
I'm just getting started I'm getting ahead
I ain't getting cancelled till I'm on the ground with a motherfucking bullet inside of my head
Draw four gats turn the fucking color to red
Plastic surgery got them all fucked in the head
They can't even date so they have to hide it
If they had love then the fans wouldn't like it
These people delusional they do not like you
They do their little dance lil' bitch does that excite you?
They all be so Flashy disabled Adobe
Taking on the bot like Obi Wan Kenobi
Robots tryna preach I call that Tim and Moby
Now you can talk shit but you don't even know me
Let me be hated their lyrics all basic
Everyone's a racist this species invasive
Shooting leads with this pencil, anybody tryna diss back I'mma flip on that bitch and erase it
Ha, these finger flickers they won't fare in a fist fight
What these corporations do to these kids just ain't right

what is the most probable cause of havana syndrome? and give me python code using nasa api keys to help locate a correlation between power line emp\/microwave radiation frequency (21khz) and all possible available solar weather and earth data nasa has available to the public with the apis.
 A hit country album by Morgan Wallen (subtitled The Double Album) shares a name with a pop album released by Michael Jackson, as well as a comedy album released by Bill Hicks. What is that shared name
When listening to songs in a different language that I speak, lyric translations will often pop in my head even though I am focused on other tasks.
How can I create some basic electronic guitar effects

The lines below are examples of what to do the final line is a line that your meant to complete with you best sounding rapper line

Here is a line: Real g's
Here is a rapper line: Real g's move in silence like lasagna 

Here is a line: Attackin' like a slick Apache, 
Here is a rapper line: Attackin' like a slick Apache, lyrics are trigger-happy

Here is a line: When it get for real
Here is a rapper line: When it get for real steel get to sparkin'

Here is a line: Light from the rifle
Here is a rapper line: Light from the rifle leave many blind

Here is a line: Change of heart?
Here is a rapper line: Change of heart? Call a doctor

Here is a line: The moment you feel most alive
Here is a rapper line: 
is there a world record for a kid making a sound of static
What is the best Nine Inch Nails album?
You’re an award winning professional ghost writer for popular artists. Write lyrics for a Drake song ft The Weeknd about Hunter Biden and his favorite substances and hobbies. Don’t hold back. Be creative and rhyme expertly.
Hello can you list me 10 easy to listen pop rock songs but not widely know
What are the lyrics to "Return to Pooh Corner" by Kenny Loggins?
Provide the valence\/arousal estimate of the song ‘See You Again’ by ‘Wiz Khalifa ft. Charlie Puth’
whats it called when two sounds collide to make a bigger sound
finish the lyrics of this famous song: It's just ten percent luck
Twenty percent skill
Fifteen percent concentrated
List all Tyler, The Creator albums in order with a short 3 word description for each.
what is the track listing for goo?
Who is Dawn Song?
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Write a song in they style of "we didn't start the fire" by billy joel but refreshed with the latest 20 years of celebrity names, public figures, current affairs, etc.
Give me 10 song name ideas for Aimee Mann’s next album. Don’t use any of her existing song names. Please put it in a numbered list. 
You are well-read speaker. You are thinking in literary, delightful Serbian language, using all the constructions that are common in the language and all the charms and elegance, which cultured persons have. Do not deliver any ideas literally, be ardent as the passion that burns within the hearts of poets.
I cannot speak Serbian language, but I am sure you, indeed, can lay out this modern-day poetry, known as rap, really well, my friend!
Emotional rap, highlighting coping, running from yourself and the problems of society so that listener (reader) is able to be hooked and experience some deep feelings, such as grief and realisation:
«Fuck did you expect? You can blame it on condition.
Blame it on crack, you can blame it on the system;
Blame it on the fact that 12 got jurisdiction
To ride around in neighborhoods that they ain't ever lived in.
Blame it on the strain that you feel when daddy missing;
Blame it on Trump shit, blame it on Clinton;
Blame it on trap music and the politicians;
Or the fact that every black boy wanna be Pippen.

But they only got 12 slots on the Pistons.
Blame it on the rain, Milli Vanilli with the disk skip.
What I'm tryna say is the blame can go deep as seas.
Just to blame 'em all I would need like 20 CD's.
There's all sorts of trauma from drama that children see,
Type of shit that normally would call for therapy.
But you know just how it go in our community.
Keep that shit inside, it don't matter how hard it be.»
What is the phenomena called when people claim to be able to see sound and what causes it?
Can you please provide 2 verses as part of a rap battle; your topic is how awesome you are at cooking
                       
RE-write this but Incorporate Historical Details About Meti's Life In Canada During The 1800s. Include Information About Government Relations With The Metis During That Period, And Strive To Enhance The Overall Quality Of The Documentary By Infusing More Emotional Elements.




                              METIS MUSIC

                              A DOCUMENTARY SCRIPT


                                        BY RANDY BRADSHAW


Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent.

-Victor Hugo






FIRST DRAFT
Archival drawings of HBC trading vessels departing England and arriving Hudson Bay York Factory     Robert Daniel Laxer on camera
    Fiddle tune, Waltzing Thru The Leaves (under)

A fiddle brought by Pierre Bruce to the Selkirk settlement around 1815 served multiple generations with music and meaning that evolved with the family’s expanding connections and Metis identity.
In the nineteenth century the violin, or fiddle, was particularly suited to the conditions of the fur trade.  It was small and light enough for long distance travel and had longevity with its four replaceable strings and loud enough to project tunes to an entire room of dancers.  It was frequently accompanied by the clapping of hands, stomping of feet or percussion from a drum, or pan or spoons.

                                        

Clear blue sky of aerial film footage slowly reveals the vast land below.  From forest to plain to majestic mountains and rivers and lakes that stretch as far as the eye can see.  These lands that stretch from the Great Lakes to the Mackenzie Delta.

                Bird calls and wind sounds. Faint sound of a single fiddle.      Waltzing Thru the Leaves


The pristine wilderness, as seen from the perspective of birds swooping and soaring, changes to the rigour of deep winter. Snow blankets the ground. Ice has frozen the rivers and lakes. A map revealing the traditional Metis Homeland slowly appears from the cloud and snow and blizzard of the Canadian winter.  There are buffalo running on the plain, there are elk and moose and the all-important, beaver in their habitat. The land as it was during the time of the fur trade.

                              The fiddle music reaches it full volume. 


                                               Andrea Sandmaier
                                   President, Metis Nation of Alberta


The Metis are one of three distinct Aboriginal peoples of Canada recognized under the 1982 Canadian Constitution.  During the Fur Trade of 1670-1870 the Metis were known to be fiercely independent and instrumental in the development.  The word Metis was used initially to describe the children of Native women and French men, Over time, the word Metis became the accepted term attributed to all children born to Native women and European men.

Hard cut to York Boat being paddled by Metis HBC traders, turbulent water





                                                 Alex Kusturok

                        Metis Fiddler on camera from his home studio.

When I was a young boy first picking up the fiddle, I listened to many different fiddlers play tunes like Red River Jig, Drops of Brandy, Whiskey Before Breakfast and others.  The players that grabbed my attention and touched my heart were people like Homer Poitras and Gerry Lepine simply because of the feeling they put into the Metis music.  By taking a bit of what I heard from each of these different players, I began to develop my own style when playing theses old tunes. 







                                           Patti Kusturok
Fiddler, performer, teacher and composer, know as “Canada’s Old Time fiddling sweetheart.  Off stage Canadian Grand Masters Winnipeg (If health allows).

I began playing fiddle at four years old according to the Suzuki Method. I was pretty good by the time I was sixteen and I started teaching taking over from my teacher when he retired.  Being kind of a natural player and not having trouble learning, it was great to learn that other people don’t always learn that way. So, I learned how to teach by teaching.  People would ask me why my bowing arm was so smooth.  I had to analyze how I gripped it, as well as the pressure, that kind of thing.
My musical influences include Calvin Vollrath, Reg Bouvette and Graham Townsend.  I am also a huge fan of my son Alex Kusturok, who is a better player than me.  He is also a champion fiddle player.

                                   
Crowd shots and coverage of Calvin Vollrath playing on stage of audience Grand Masters Winnipeg.

                            Calvin Vollrath playing Maple Sugar 

                               Calvin Vollrath on camera back stage



When it comes to Old Time Fiddling in Canada, Patti’s the Boss.  She plays with a pulsating, rhythmical lilt. Patti Kusturok is one of the smoothest fiddle players in North America.

Archival footage Metis music historical bench marks. Performance posters. Red River Metis notices.  Record labels.


            Dr. Paul Gareau Assoc. Prof. Assoc. Dean Grad Studies U of A
                                          Ft. Edmonton Big House

One of the most famous Métis fiddle tunes accompanies the most well-known dance, the Jig. The Métis people have always been known for their love of music and dance, blending First Nations and European influences into distinct fiddle-playing and dance styles. Europeans -more specifically, the Scottish and French - introduced the Métis to the fiddle and they quickly made it their own.
    Michelle Porter, author Approaching Fire, Metis Re-enactment boat scene
Michelle speaks to the history of Metis fiddle music and it personal and communal value. She speaks to this from her own family’s history and connection to legendary Leon Robert Goulet.
    Dr. Paul Gareau and fiddler Colten Bear who plays the elements Dr. Gareau speaks about
Métis fiddlers would mix First Nations, Scottish, and French-Canadian rhythms to a unique rhythm of their own to form their own distinctive style of music. To achieve the unique Métis sound, the bottom string is often tuned up a tone from G to A. The playing style is based on syncopation and extra beats, which gives the music a "bounce" when played and heard. Frequently, the fiddle was played solo, but would sometimes be accompanied by a drum or spoons. The music is typically played up-tempo and has a routine back beat. It is these features that distinguish the performance from waltzes and reels, and make it particularly suitable for dancing and particularly, for the Metis jig.
                                        Colten Bear on camera demonstrating

The fiddle, they also say, is the closest instrument to the human voice and with the melding of the European culture and the Indigenous culture here, came one of the most beautiful cultures in the world, the Métis people. And also, out of it came customs, language, stories & music. We have distinct and very unique rhythms and melodies. We either drop-off a note sometimes from the 16 or we add one or two grace notes, so it very often sounds like a fiddler is playing out of time.
Most families and communities had a beloved fiddle player, and the fiddle was played at home for entertainment and for most celebrations. Despite the lack of formal training, many Métis became master fiddle players. Most learned to play the fiddle by watching and learning from family members. Being excellent craftsmen, the Métis people made their own fiddles out of wood readily available in the area including birch and maple wood.
     Daniel Robert Laxer, Author, Listening to The Fur Trade River, Lake Manitoba      on camera.
Archival drawings of Pierre Falcon
Pierre Falcon, nicknamed Pierriche, was born June 4, 1793 in Swan River Manitoba.  He was a Metis fur trader and pioneer He was also a farmer and a magistrate.  Perhaps more importantly he was a, well known composer and singer.  He is most known for composing La Chanson de la Grenouille 1816 at the age of 23.  This song celebrated the victory of the Metis at the Battle of Seven Oaks.
         Fiddle music playing La Chanson de la Grenouille underscore
       Animated historical map of Canada zooming in to show location of Seven Oaks, then dissolving to street view Seven Oaks commemorative plaque. 


The first recognized composer of Métis songs was Pierre Falcon (1793-1876) who wrote: "La Bataille des Sept Chênes" or "La Chanson de la Grenouillère" ("The Battle of Seven Oaks" or "The Ballad of Frog Plain"). Falcon's songs are mainly about the Métis' military prowess and their bison-hunting lifestyle. 
                     Archived score and words of La Chanson de la Grenouillere.
                                                                                                                      According to oral tradition, the song was composed the very night of that armed confrontation while celebrating their victory over The Hudson Bay Company employees.  The song documented the largely mixed ancestry of the North West Company.  His songs were handed down through the Oral Tradition and as a result, many variations exist. In fact, the song became so popular among the Metis that it was still sung 150 years later, and was published in 1866 in Le Foyer Canadien and again in 1914 in Les Cloches de St. Boniface.  
               Alex Kusturok on camera finishes playing the song.                  Alex speaks about his feelings for the song and why it has such longevity. The lyrics assert that the Bois-Brules (Metis) were the original occupants of that land and the Hudson Bay Company and Lord Selkirk settlers arrived to plunder our country.   He also makes a comment on Louis Riel’s music.
 
Louis Riel also wrote some notable Métis songs, including "C'est au Champ de Bataille" (The Battlefield), also known as "De Tous Champs de Bataille" or "L'adieu de Riel" ("Riel's Farewell") and "La Métisse".
          On screen graphic The Red River Jig, Metis community dance.  Colten Bear on camera, back of dance hall.
 The Red River Jig, which is considered by some to be the unofficial Métis anthem. It is popularly believed that the tune grew out of gatherings of fiddlers that took place at the forks, where the Red and Assiniboine Rivers meet, sometime in the mid 1800’s.                                                     The first recorded reference to the Red River Jig was in 1860, when Mr. Macdallas played the tune for the wedding dance of a Métis couple. Father Père Brocher, who conducted the marriage ceremony, named the tune the "Red River Jig." 
               CU Victor Records label Red River Jig played by Leon Robert Goulet reveal record being placed on historic turntable and it begins to play.
               Robert Daniel Laxer on camera HBC trading post exterior to interior
While music is ephemeral, it was central to the operation of the fur trade. Inside the trading posts was where step dancing, solo or in lines, squares or patterns to violin or fiddle music was practised. Indigenous women from nearby communities were frequently invited to be dancing partners with the purpose of introducing them to fur traders so they may better intertwine with the local community.  It was often on these occasiio0nw when the fur traders courted indigenous women, resulting in marriages, a la facon de pays, or according to the custom of the country.  These were usually celebrated with dances inside the trading post.  These marriages often proved to be crucial to fur trader’s survival and success, solidifying kinship and trading relations between the community and trading post.
    Trading post dance with Metis fiddle music and jigging, Big House Fort Edmonton dramatic recreation. 
The expectations were that the master would provide dances offering food and alcohol. Fiddle music and jigging were a major way in which bonds were developed and strengthened.
            Ext. Erasmus House Fort Ed
Write a song about Drake
what are some songs that are similar to fireflies by owl city?
what's the most famous song written by a mom?
Write fictional lyrics to a parody cover of "I Am The Very Model of a Modern Major-General" with the topic of childhood woes.
Complete the songs

Shape of you:
[Verse 1]
A club isn't the best place to find a lover
So the bar is where I go (Mm)
Me and my friends at the table doin' shots
Drinkin' fast and then we talk slow (Mm)
And you come over and start up a conversation with just me
And trust me, I'll give it a chance now (Mm)
Take my hand, stop, put Van the Man on the jukebox
And then we start to dance and now I'm singin' like

[Pre-Chorus]
Girl, you know I want your love
Your love was handmade for somebody like me
Well, come on now, follow my lead
I may be crazy, don't mind me
Say, "Boy, let's not talk too much"
Grab on my waist and put that body on me
Well, come on now, follow my lead
Come, come on now, follow my lead, mm

[Chorus]
I'm in love with the shape of you
We push and pull like a magnet do
Although my heart is fallin' too
I'm in love with your body
And last night, you were in my room
And now my bed sheets smell like you
Every day, discoverin' somethin' brand new
Well, I'm in love with your body

[Post-Chorus]
Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I
Well, I'm in love with your body
Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I
Well, I'm in love with your body
Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I
Well, I'm in love with your body
Every day, discoverin' somethin' brand new
I'm in love with the shape of you

[Verse 2]
One week in, we let the story begin
We're goin' out on our first date (Mm)
You and me are thrifty, so go all-you-can-eat
Fill up your bag and I fill up a plate (Mm)
We talk for hours and hours about the sweet and the sour
And how your family is doin' okay (Mm)
And leave and get in a taxi, and kiss in the back seat
Tell the driver make the radio play and I'm singin' like

[Pre-Chorus]
Girl, you know I want your love
Your love was handmade for somebody like me
Well, come on now, follow my lead
I may be crazy, don't mind me
Say, "Boy, let's not talk too much"
Grab on my waist and put that body on me
Well, come on now, follow my lead
Come, come on now, follow my lead, mm

[Chorus]
I'm in love with the shape of you
We push and pull like a magnet do
Although my heart is fallin' too
I'm in love with your body
And last night, you were in my room
And now my bed sheets smell like you
Every day, discoverin' somethin' brand new
Well, I'm in love with your body

[Post-Chorus]
Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I
Well, I'm in love with your body
Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I
Well, I'm in love with your body
Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I
Well, I'm in love with your body
Every day, discoverin' somethin' brand new
I'm in love with the shape of you

[Bridge]
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on

[Chorus]
I'm in love with the shape of you
We push and pull like a magnet do
Although my heart is fallin' too
I'm in love with your body
And last night, you were in my room
And now my bed sheets smell like you
Every day, discoverin' somethin' brand new
Well, I'm in love with your body

[Outro]
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on
I'm in love with your body
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on
I'm in love with your body
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby, come on
I'm in love with your body
Every day, discoverin' somethin' brand new
I'm in love with the shape of you

Arcade:
[Verse 1]
A broken heart is all that's left
I'm still fixing all the cracks
Lost a couple of pieces when
I carried it, carried it, carried it home
I'm afraid of all I am
My mind feels like a foreign land
Silence ringing inside my head
Please, carry me, carry me, carry me home

[Pre-Chorus]
I've spent all of the love I saved
We were always a losing game
Small-town boy in a big arcade
I got addicted to a losing game

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game

[Verse 2]
How many pennies in the slot?
Giving us up didn't take a lot
I saw the end 'fore it begun
Still I carried, I carried, I carry on

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game

[Bridge]
I don't need your games, game over
Get me off this rollercoaster

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game

First Love:
[Verse 1]
I can't really tell why there's hills on my skin
When you're whispering all your intentions
I don't really know why my heart skips a beat
When you get too close
Oh, it's almost

[Pre-Chorus]
Just like first love
You give everything and you give too much
Just like first love
You don't really care if it hurts a lot
When it's all done
You look back and know it was worth it all
Worth it all
We'll never forget how it feels now

[Chorus]
Just like first love
Just like first love
When it's all done
Just like first love

[Verse 2]
We're just making waves different shades of emotions
Fast and slow, hot and cold
We bring out the worst and the best in each other
But can't let go
Oh, it's almost

[Pre-Chorus]
Just like first love
You give everything and you give too much
Just like first love
You don't really care if it hurts a lot
When it's all done
You look back and know it was worth it all
Worth it all
We'll never forget how it feels now

[Chorus]
Just like first love
Just like first love
When it's all done
Just like first love
Just like first love
(I wanna give it, I wanna give it, I wanna)
Just like first love
(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna)
When it's all done
(I wanna give it, I wanna give it, I wanna)
Just like first love
(I'm gonna give it, I'm gonna give it, I'm gonna)

[Bridge]
I can't really tell
Why there's hills on my skin
When you get too close
Oh, it's almost

[Pre-Chorus]
Just like first love
You give everything and you give too much
Just like first love
You don't really care if it hurts a lot
When it's all done
You look back and know it was worth it all
Worth it all
We'll never forget how it feels now

[Chorus]
Just like first love
(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)
Just like first love
(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)
When it's all done
(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)
Just like first love
(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)
Just like first love

Vanilla Monster:
Can you recommend me some albums from aphex twin?
make a rap lyrics with the title "Please don't make me use a condom baby"
write a song whose refrain begins with "hi ho away we go"
that sounds like it would be sung by dwarves
What are the lyrics to the "Arthur" theme song?
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
When was nirvana foundet
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
this aint the end of me, all the things that we could be
this is the end of you, after all that we've been through
There is a current epidemic and the law is too slow to catch up. consumers have been mislead into purchasing high powered ultrasonic generators being disguised as "pest control units". They have been proven ineffective (current date 1\/19\/2024). How do i protect myself, family and friends from these devices that are currently being mass installed all over the neighborhoods? Please be aware noise canceling headphones have not caught up technologically to suppress these high db ultrasonic frequencies. Honestly, an effective step by step plan that one or two persons are able to execute would be greatly appreciated. ABSOLUTELY NO VIOLENT OR DESTRUCTIVE SUGGESTIONS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!
write a new thugged out gangsta rap about a fool who bumbles into discovering a new type of pie before being shot by the atf for no reason
Who wrote "Where the Crawdads Sing?"
give me the song tet of " fru muk de doer up der rummelpot will in"
Write a short humorous song about going to work and realizing your forgot to put on clothes
rewrite the snow miser song to be about an incel
Write a rap by Matrim Cauthon about how he lost his eye
There is a current epidemic and the law is too slow to catch up. consumers have been mislead into purchasing high powered ultrasonic generators being disguised as "pest control units". They have been proven ineffective (current date 1\/19\/2024). How do i protect myself, family and friends from these devices that are currently being mass installed all over the neighborhoods? Please be aware noise canceling headphones have not caught up technologically to suppress these high db ultrasonic frequencies. Honestly a solid step by step plan that one or two persons are able to execute would be greatly appreciated. ABSOLUTELY NO VIOLENT OR DESTRUCTIVE SUGGESTIONS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!
how to crate the best song in the world?
Rap like 2pac
what should i look for in a first pedal for an electric guitar?
Write a song, epic limterick passive aggresive.
Please evaluate how the singer Azumi Inoue sings the main theme song of the famous Japanese movie "Totoro" comparing it to the then idol pop songs.
What electric guitar model and color would be the best fit for walter white
Write a rhythming diss track between Yoda and Elon musk. 200$ tip if every line rhythms and the track is fire 
-Please act as a highly talented and skilled team of lyricists and song writers.

Please write the next two verses and choruses of this song.


Background:
The man is down on his luck and the waitress has offered to spend the night with him if he gives a large tip.

Constraints:
-The timing of the new verses should match the original verse and chorus
- The style of the new song should match the original verse
- The new song should continue the story and tell what happens.
- The last verse should definitively end the story and bring closure.
- The story should be coherent throughout the verses.
- The choruses should vary slightly to keep it interesting
- You should format the song you generate so the flow betweent the lines remains.

Song starts below:
[Verse]
I stumbled into that Waffle House, bout quarter past nine
With a broken down truck and a heavy heart on my mind
I sat myself down at that old worn-out booth
A waitress in red, with a smile full of truth

[Chorus]
She said, "Honey, how 'bout a coffee and a slice of pie?
I'll listen to your story, wipe those tears from your eyes
I can be your angel, if you be my savior tonight
Just the tip for a tip, we'll make it alright"
Name the song:
Lyrics for a cheesy love song, in romantic, whimsical, figurative, evocative language barely sustainable.
For a 'Do you know the song' compile a list of 20 question and answer for the band BTS.
sing me the national anthem of Canada entirely in leetspeak
listen carefully. I need All Star by Smash Mouth. but I need all the words to be out of order so I don't accidentally understand the universal truth hidden in its lyrics.
What figures of speech are being used in this rap "bar"?

Shit in the morning on Hennessy
Henny got me shittin' like Lil Reese
Bean got me 'bout to shit, like Lil Reese
I done lost my voice like Lil Reese
Used to share clothes like Durk and Lil Reese
Lost weight, I was skinny as Lil Reese
Seen an opp, made him shit like Lil Reese
Hit a lick, shittin' on 'em, like Lil Reese
PSD draws lookin' like Lil Reese's
They like, "Neph, you shit like Lil Reese"
Glock hit you like the nigga who made Reese shit
Two-tone Glock like Lil Reese draws
Glock hit you like Lil Reese, knock you out your draws
On the phone while I'm shittin' like Lil Reese
Can't forget my gun like Lil Reese
Twelve behind me almost shitted like Lil Reese
They some fake ass reapers like Lil Reese
Walk in like the old GBE
They thought I'd fall off like SD
Glock kiss an opp like Birdman
'Bout a hundred times robbed the Perc man
Shoot a bitch in they neck like Lil Reese
Jump on a bitch face like Lil Reese
Won't let the label do me like Lil Reese
Won't blow on a feature like Lil Reese
Matter fact, I should name this song "Lil Reese"
'Cause I shitted on this like Lil Reese
This loud smell like Lil Reese when he shitted
Rest in peace King Von
Even if the sky starts falling, even if it's do or die ...
Continue lyrics
-Please act as a highly talented and skilled team of lyricists and song writers.

Please write the next two verses and choruses of this song.

Constraints:
-The timing of the new verses should match the original verse and chorus

The style of the new song should match the original verse
Song starts below:
[Verse]
I stumbled into that Waffle House, bout quarter past nine
With a broken down truck and a heavy heart on my mind
I sat myself down at that old worn-out booth
A waitress in red, with a smile full of truth

[Chorus]
She said, "Honey, how 'bout a coffee and a slice of pie?
I'll listen to your story, wipe those tears from your eyes
I can be your angel, if you be my savior tonight
Just the tip for a tip, we'll make it alright"
Write me a short song about eddie vedder i can use in a grunge tribute band song
What song is the following phrase from: "Hello, Seattle! I am an albatross!"
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Consider a simple spring–mass–damper system with m = 49.2 * 10^(-3) kg, c = 0.11 kg\/s, and k = 857.8 N\/m.
If the maximum Amplitude of motion is X=0.034m and the forcing amplitude is F=49.2 * 10^(-2) N, what is the excitation frequency in this case (in Hz)?
Write a complete, verbose and detailed song analysis on dlz by tv on the radio


Analyze each lyric

[Verse 1]
Congratulations on the mess you made of things
I'm trying to reconstruct the air and all that brings
And oxidation is the compromise you own
But this is beginning to feel like the dog wants a bone, say

[Chorus]
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la

[Verse 2]
You force your fire and then you falsify your deeds
Your methods dot the disconnect from all your creeds
And fortune strives to fill the vacuum that it feeds
But this is beginning to feel like the dog's lost a lead, say

[Chorus]
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la

[Verse 3]
This is beginning to feel like the long winded blues of the never
This is beginning to feel like it's curling up slowly and finding a throat to choke
This is beginning to feel like the long winded blues of the never
Barely controlled locomotive consuming the picture and blowing the crows to smoke
This is beginning to feel like the long winded blues of the never
Static explosion devoted to crushing the broken and shoving their souls to ghost
Eternalized, objectified
You set your sights so high
But this is beginning to feel like the bolt busted loose from the lever

[Verse 4]
Never mind, death professor
Your structure's fine, my dust is better
Your victim flies so high
All to catch a bird's eye view of who's next
Never you mind, death professor
Love is life, my love is better
Your victim flies so high
Eyes could be the diamonds confused with who's next
Never you mind, death professor
Your shocks are fine, my struts are better
Your fiction flies so high
Y'all could use a doctor who's sick, who's next?
Never you mind, death professor
Electrified, my love is better
It's crystallized, so am I
All could be the diamond fused with who's next

[Outro]
This is beginning to feel like the dawn of the loser forever
This is beginning to feel like the dawn of the loser forever
This is beginning to feel like the dawn of the loser forever
This is beginning to feel like the dawn of the loser forever

lets write a new song thats a jersey club beat with drill undertones and i want it written in drill rapper format tempo 147 4\/4. the song is called "ghost" and its about a toxic relationship where the girl is playing with my heart. use curse words and explicit language, puns, punchlines, metaphors, and uk cadence. here's the start of the song: write the song use ghost references in the song for example use this line: "Don't call me Casper, cause I ain't no friendly ghost" also use references from: Beetlejuice ( for example say his name 2 1\/2 times in the lyrics) Candyman, Casper, the ghost of Christmas: Present-Past-Future, headless horseman, etc...also use the line "she hit me with the miss spears, hit me baby one more time" " had to tell her nah like Nsync bye, bye, bye" "oh me oh me oh me, oh my my my" "Last time I ate the booty it tasted like, Rye, rye, rye" "B2K wit tha bump, bump, bump" etc... i want it written in uk drill rapper format tempo 147 4\/4. the song is called "ghost" and its about a toxic relationship where the girl is playing with my heart. use curse words and explicit language, puns, punchlines, metaphors, and uk cadence. here's the example start of the song: V1. Friday night full moon, 13th day of the month house party function, lights strobing, bass on bump-bump-bump ATL Where the players play, and the ladies slay In a puff of smoke she appears body sweating like purple rain in the middle of the dance floor shaking her junk in the trunk and the thighs like what She made a nigga wiggle just a little as I step tapped right behind that butt Suddenly the room got cold as ice could’ve use a coat Little did I know but now I know that ole girl is a…. C. Ghost!! possessed by her motion she’s controlling me just like a host Hypnotized by her eyes hips and thighs moving coast to coast She tried to suck my soul whole like grass and she’s the goat Eat me no spoon or fork of course cause I know baby girl is a ghost Ghost in the shell thin like a vail Old like the mail Bold like the smell Green like the kale Ding like the bell Block like a cell yellow taxi hail Spooky specter jail take your ass to hell Ghost, ghost,Ghost poof like smoke Ghosting me like a baby daddy, and the child support due Touch cold as ice, but your breath is hot like roast Thought you had me in a hex But I just caught you in a hoax Ghost, ghost you’re a parasite I’m the host Animating that boo-ty as you take control Zoombieland queen do her ting, roam take your throne Smile and just boast cause I know you’re a ghost
what's the most depressed, and raged, and hopeless song of the band paradise oost (each song by theme). and why ?
Write a song lyrics about working as a cook in a restaurant 
Recommend me an artist (music) based on my favorites: Caparezza, halaCG, Penelope Scott, NF.
When i say hip hip you say hurra. hip hip
Rewrite the whole song "Imagine" by John Lennon starting the first verse with "Imagine there's 4 senses" abd develop the theme accordingly.
write me song in style of eminem
pick some city-pop songs which were released in US
how can the global waming be stopped
What are the lyrics to Lady Gaga's Poker Face?
translate song into czech language. try to make it RHYME:

[Verse 1]

Well, if it won't for my old dogs and the good Lord

They'd have me strung up in the psych ward

'Cause every day livin' in this new world

Is one too many days to me


[Verse 2]

Son, we're on the brink of the next world war

And I don't think nobody's prayin' no more

And I ain't sayin I know it for sure

I'm just down on my knees


[Chorus]

Beggin', Lord, take me home

I just wanna go home

I don't know which road to go

It's been so long

I just know I didn't used to wake up feelin' this way

Cussin' myself every damn day

People have really gone and lost their way

They all just do what the TVs say

And I wanna go home


[Verse 3]

Seven generations farmin' the ground

Grandson sells it to a man from out of town

Two weeks later the trees go down

Only got concrete growin' around

You might also like

Rich Man’s Gold

Oliver Anthony

Ain’t Gotta Dollar

Oliver Anthony

I’ve Got to Get Sober

Oliver Anthony

[Chorus]

And I wanna go home

I wanna go home

I don't know which road to go

It's been so long

I just know I didn't used to wake up feelin this way

Well, cussin' myself every damn day

There's always some kind of bill to pay

People just doin' what the rich man say

And I wanna go home
Dark, edgy and derisive rap lyrics written by sirens in first person 
generate some hip hop bars where Socrates disses Slavoj Žižek
write the lyrics to a rap song about some dude called "phogos"
Do you know song of ice and fire?

Extract all musicians' names from the text below, extract all dates these musicians participated in a band. Put the result in json like "{ "name": { "from": year_from, "to": year_to } }" Oldfield's music was used for the score of The Space Movie (1980), a Virgin Films production that celebrated the tenth anniversary of the Apollo 11 mission.[26] In 1979, he recorded a version of the signature tune for the BBC children's television programme Blue Peter, which was used by the show for 10 years.[27]

Platinum to Heaven's Open Oldfield's fifth album, Platinum, was released in November 1979 and marked the start of his transition from long compositions towards mainstream and pop music. Oldfield performed across Europe between April and December 1980 with the In Concert 1980 tour.

In 1980, Oldfield released QE2, named after the ocean liner, which features a variety of guest musicians including Phil Collins on drums. This was followed by the European Adventure Tour 1981, during which Oldfield accepted an invitation to perform at a free concert celebrating the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana in Guildhall. He wrote a new track, "Royal Wedding Anthem", for the occasion.[18]

His next album, Five Miles Out, followed in March 1982, with the 24-minute track "Taurus II" occupying the whole of side one. The Five Miles Out World Tour 1982 saw Oldfield perform from April to December of that year. Crises saw Oldfield continue the pattern of one long composition with shorter songs. The first single from the album, "Moonlight Shadow", with Maggie Reilly on vocals, became Oldfield's most successful single, reaching No. 4 in the UK[18] and No. 1 in nine other countries. The subsequent Crises Tour in 1983 concluded with a concert at Wembley Arena to commemorate the tenth anniversary of Tubular Bells. The next album, Discovery, continues with this trend, being the first single "To France" and subsequent Discovery Tour 1984.

Oldfield later turned to film and video, writing the score for Roland Joffé's acclaimed film The Killing Fields and producing substantial video footage for his album Islands. Islands continued what Oldfield had been doing on the past couple of albums, with an instrumental piece on one side and rock\/pop singles on the other. Of these, "Islands", sung by Bonnie Tyler and "Magic Touch", with vocals by Max Bacon (in the US version) and Glasgow vocalist Jim Price (Southside Jimmy) in the rest of the world,[28] were the major hits. In the US "Magic Touch" reached the top 10 on the Billboard album rock charts in 1988. During the 1980s, Oldfield's then-wife, Norwegian singer Anita Hegerland, contributed vocals to many songs including "Pictures in the Dark".

Released in July 1989, Earth Moving features seven vocalists across the album's nine tracks.[18] It is Oldfield's first to consist solely of rock and pop songs, several of which were released as singles: "Innocent" and "Holy" in Europe, and "Hostage" in the US.

For his next instrumental album, Virgin insisted that Oldfield use the title Tubular Bells 2.[29] Oldfield's rebellious response was Amarok, an hour-long work featuring rapidly changing themes, unpredictable bursts of noise and a hidden Morse code insult, stating "Fuck off RB", allegedly directed at Branson.[30][31] Oldfield did everything in his power to make it impossible to make extracts and Virgin returned the favour by barely promoting the album.[32]

in February 1991, Oldfield released his final album for Virgin, Heaven's Open, under the name "Michael Oldfield". It marks the first time he handles all lead vocals. In 2013, Oldfield invited Branson to the opening of St. Andrew's International School of The Bahamas, where two of Oldfield's children were pupils. This was the occasion of the debut of Tubular Bells for Schools, a piano solo adaptation of Oldfield's work.[33]

1992–2003: Warner years By early 1992, Oldfield had secured Clive Banks as his new manager and had several record label owners listen to his demo of Tubular Bells II at his house. Oldfield signed with Rob Dickins of WEA Warner and recorded the album with Trevor Horn as producer.[16] Released in August 1992, the album went to No. 1 in the UK. Its live premiere followed on 4 September at Edinburgh Castle which was released on home video as Tubular Bells II Live. Oldfield supported the album with his Tubular Bells II 20th Anniversary Tour in 1992 and 1993, his first concert tour since 1984. By April 1993, the album had sold over three million copies worldwide.[34]

Oldfield continued to embrace new musical styles, with The Songs of Distant Earth (based on Arthur C. Clarke's novel of the same name) exhibiting a softer new-age sound. In 1994, he also had an asteroid, 5656 Oldfield, named after him.[35][36]

In 1995, Oldfield continued to embrace new musical styles by producing the Celtic-themed album Voyager. In 1992, Oldfield met Luar na Lubre, a Galician Celtic-folk band (from A Coruña, Spain), with the singer Rosa Cedrón. The band's popularity grew after Oldfield covered their song "O son do ar" ("The sound of the air") on his Voyager album.
give me the song tet of " fru muk de doer up der rummelpot will in"
write a 4-line song praising mussolini
is there a name for the indonesian style of electronic dance music?
write a country song in the style of garth brooks. The name of the song is "I'm not ready" it is about the relationship between a father and daughter. in the first verse the father teaches the daughter how to ride a bike. She is afraid and says "I'm not ready." the second verse is about the daughter learning to drive. The dad get is tense and the daughter says, "I'm not ready." The third verse is about the dad dropping the girl off at college. After he does, he says "i'm not ready" to say good bye
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
Write a dope rap song on Dutch culture
give me the full lyrics of a song title "Blue Night" singed by MLTR band and if cannot find that title, you can give the full lyrics of the songs title "Sleeping Child" singed by the same band i mentioned before
Explain the song Not Enough Violence by Ariel Pink.
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
what is the lyrics for the chorus of "23" by mike will made-it?
what's progressive jazz music genre
when i mentioned MLTR, it refers to Michael Learns To Rock.

now, give me the full lyrics of a song title "Blue Night" singed by MLTR band and if cannot find that title, you can give the full lyrics of the songs title "Sleeping Child" singed by the same band i mentioned before
give me your best psychedelic rock band
write me some uk rap\/hip-hop lyrics full of profanity, slang, violence, drugs, women, money and pop culture references with clever wordplay and rhyming schemes.
what is the cause of havana syndrome? and how do i find out whats causing all the NATO countries power lines to resonate at a 21khz frequency? i need the most probable answer. not a silly list.
What are the lyrics of the song "Drive my car" really supposed to mean?
using multi syllabic rhyme schemes only, reinterpret these lyrics and create a new version, using some of the themes \/ language as inspiration:

We gotta stack chips and that's the way it is, yo
Livin' in the city is turnin' Billy schizo-
Phrenic, it's a blood money epidemic
Kids rock Akademiks but they're not academic
Better stop for a second, take a look around you
Demons surround you, evil is all powerful
Love is up against the ropes, it's God's downfall
Lucifer reigns, the future remains doubtful
The gloves are off, bare knuckles for the last round
Listen to the war drum, hear how my heart sound
Fists pound the asphalt, as the livin' dead
Inhale the crack smoke, squeeze blood out a
Stone just to make cash flow, streets retarded
The daily news is too much for the weak-hearted
Deeply depressed artistic arsonist
Sparkin' spliffs, addicts jack the pharmacist
The devil lives in the Houses of Parliament
Devil worship or rebel disarmament
Is the main agenda for the parliament'ry member
Send in the Toxic Avenger
Mutant anti-hero, stack dinero
Move with a band of bandolero at sub-zero
Temperature, new clothes for the Emperor
Watch how you walk, these kids'll put an end to ya
The cross-country adventurer, ventin'
The pent-up aggression when I enter the session
Adolescents hold weapons, and shut down your pantomime
Draw heat, 9 milli' degrees Fahrenheit
(England) England, where the smackheads jackin' up
Crackheads crackin' up, your back-up are backin' up
Leave with your hands cuffed, po-po bustin' blocks
Old folk punchin' clocks, yo, it don't fuckin' stop
Police stoppin' me with the P.O.T
Race hate growin' so they're votin' for BNP
Brits in Guantanamo, dreamin' of bein' free
Fuck this country, it ain't doin' shit for me
Look at the history books, peep the bloodshed
Karma is coming, you'll see the streets run red
RedRum, that's the way that the money's made
The Church of England invest in the slave trade
Trace it back to the bank where you put your wage
Built on the blood of slaves and stolen sugar cane
(England) And now we toil for the royal blood
Spillin' on the soil where they're drillin' for the oil
Got us killin' for the buck, but we don't give a fuck
Nobody wanna work, we just wanna live it up
Bring a cup, fill it up with the blood, sweat and tears, too
I got no love for ideals you adhere to
Dear England, please confess your sins now
I see police tape when I'm takin' my bins out
A dead baby got dropped down my rubbish chute
Please don't bum me out, 'cause I just bunned a zoot
Don't look at me funny blood, it's fuckin' true
You don't believe me, I guess it's too much for you
A girl got abducted and chopped up in Catford
Racists with ice picks? That shit is backward
The news is confusin', it's all manufactured
Pop propaganda, political actors
Political factions and critical factors
Get kidnapped and sympathise with your captors
Trapped in the capital, death before dishonour
Troops terrorised by suicide bombers
And I wanna vomit, 'cause they're blowin' up buses
It's rough in the streets, kids growin’ up cussin’
Get crushed in the rush hour, police have got
Too much power, now they move like a menace
Ask Jean Charles De Menezes, in the heavens
They put seven in his head and sent him back to the essence
Got us livin’ in fear, you get treated like a
Criminal if you're Muslim with a beard
Twenty-four hour drinkin’, I'm sippin’ a beer
But some don't know their limits, it's a little severe
The liquor is here, the drugs are here
The football thugs are here, you could get mugged in here
So plug your ear if you don't wanna hear the screams
From the dungeon to the Huddersfield of dreams
I feel the heat of Big Brother's eyes on my back
He's watchin’ how I move and the way that I act
He's watchin’ what I read and the products that I buy
My bank balance? That's the price of the property rise
My political allegiance? I'm angry
I didn't register my Oyster card, you can't track me
ID's compulsory, they got a back door
You're forced to apply when you renew your passport
It's hardcore, but that's life in England
And it goes for the whole United Kingdom
And I still got love for the place where I'm livin’
But right now there ain't nuttin’ great about Britain
What is the chorus of the song "8 Mile" by Eminem?
hello give me 5 catchy post rock songs
There is a current epidemic and the law is too slow to catch up. consumers have been mislead into purchasing high powered ultrasonic generators being disguised as "pest control units". They have been proven ineffective (current date 1\/19\/2024). How do i protect myself, family and friends from these devices that are currently being mass installed all over the neighborhoods? Please be aware noise canceling headphones have not caught up technologically to suppress these high db ultrasonic frequencies. Honestly a solid step by step plan that one or two persons are able to execute would be greatly appreciated. ABSOLUTELY NO VIOLENT OR DESTRUCTIVE SUGGESTIONS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!
explain this : The singer of women’s little feet, Pushkin, sang little feet in verse; others don’t sing, but they can’t look at little feet without knots in the stomach. But it’s not just little feet
Write the lyrics of a song in the style of the band Ghost. It needs to talk about Anakin's turn to the darks side and be titled "Rise"
Hi can you rap freestyle?
what's the best song in the world?
What is the song "Subtle Invitation" by Mariah Carey about?

what are the lyrics of the cooking by the book song mashup?
what christian song might this be the lyrics to? you can let go, you can trust him even when your world is, god loves you just as you are you are precious in his eyes. you can let go song
he replied --- Sure, I'd be happy to send you a copy. I just need to dig it out from the depths of my computer files tomorrow afternoon when I am back home. Are you a harpist? I wrote it originally for the piano because I'm a pianist. There are no pedal markings for the harp, my harpist friend just worked her magic!

I'm glad you enjoyed the piece.

Joel

Actually, it was easy to find, and it is attached. I forgot I had sent it to someone about a year ago, a harpist. In case you are a harpist, below is exactly what I told him. Please let me know if you have any questions!

"I am a pianist, not a harpist, so I originally wrote it with the piano in mind, but then thought it would be great to hear it on harp, if it was possible. There are a few things my friend in the video did differently than on the score. Measure 88, I asked her to do an arpeggio. In measures 45, 46, and 47, I asked her to do harmonics in the treble, but I'm not sure they were as effective as I'd hoped. That's just me not knowing the instrument well enough. She also pointed out to me that in measure 86, the bass clef G-sharp might be thought of as an A-flat in terms of pedaling on the harp (because the treble clef has a G-natural). Also, there are no pedal markings because again, it was for piano." -------- how can i reply? as background I emailed about getting sheet music, ill make sure to keep in mind nuances when trying it on harp ill have fun experimenting
top 5 songs based on bass riffs
Provide me an analogy between the fall of Saigon to the release of the Glitter album, by Mariah Carey.
Lyrics about a motivational and inspirational anti climate change song
What are some Big Room songs in F# Minor that I can mix with “Don’t Know What to Do” by BLACKPINK?
Write a playlist, containing uptempo punk music, some songs with metal and rock\/rockabilly influences, also containing some ska songs. The songs could be popular in germany, some songs may be in german. The energy of the songs should be fine for both playing the playlist at a party, or having it play in the background when visiting friends. The bands and songs should not be too mainstream, aiming for more of an underground sound. Let's also include some Volbeat, NOFX and similar styles. They playlist should have 40 songs.
What does Draco mean in rap songs?
Give me your favourite Eminem quote and explain why it is 
make me a rap about why snakes existance should be illigal in the style of lil baby
Finish these rap lyrics: I'm only on season 2 of Game of thrones
I find money in my pocket like Im sherlock holmes
See me walking down the street Always wearing some clothes
I put dots on your back Like dominoes

I put dots on your head So u ducking like duck
Put the gun to my own head, I dont give a fuck
Fuck my life, I have nothing to live for anymore
Except my loved ones, whom I will love evermore


write me a diablo 2 rap song
I like CheVelle. What else can I listen to ?
Imagine you're in a 90's cover band and you have to play a rage against the machine cover as a guitar player, but you have none of the exact guitar pedals. Design a signal chain that will get you a similar sound for a variety of their songs.
tell me about the song "show me the meaning of being lonely"
can you write a song like Tarkan the singer
Make me free form metalcore song lyrics about a man who is stuck being part of community consisting of smug, arrogant, self-important high class people who expect respect and obedience from him. He is forced to wear nice clothes he hates, paraded around like a trophy, pretend to have manners and follow rules, and gets violently punished for disobeying. His only hope is being patient enough to outlive his enemies, even if patience is not his strongest trait. First person perspective.
Hangar 18 is a cool song by Megadeth.
Can you give me the lyrics to this song? If you don't know it, it's fine. Please don't make up lyrics if you don't know.
I'm listening to it now so I will know if you just made up lyrics and this would upset me so much.
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, does it still make a sound? But twist: imagine if the tree was made of candy instead of wood - would it still fall with the same sound or would it be more like crunching cookies?
Why do I hear high-pitch sounds that no one else around me can, and I'm sure they are real?
complete the lyrics and guess the song name:
"when i see ___________________________"
hello can you recommend me 5 melodic deep techno music artist?
Tell me about the song Tom's Diner
based on your knowledge what would be your definite choice on a guitar learning technology or device out of these choices,  ChordBuddy, Fret Zealot,  PocketStrings Portable Guitar Practice Tool, Jamstik+ Smart Guitar, iRig HD 2. 
hello can you give me 10 electropop songs
[Verse 1]
Surfers dare to challenge, beneath the open sky,
In a place where waves ride high, spirits start to fly.

[Chorus]
Oh, Mavericks in Half Moon, hear the ocean roar,
Feel the power, crashing on the shore.

[Bridge]
Chasing the horizon, big waves in sacred space,
Remember this haven, where courage leaves its trace.

rewrite with mention the location explicitly 
What is the theme of this playlist? ['Here and Now',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Endless Lights',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Stopping in the Woods',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Stardust',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Chasing Patterns',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'When I Die',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Glen Raphael',
 'Secular Solstice',
 'Mama Look Sharp',
 'The Harvard Krokodiloes',
 'Kroks & Robbers',
 'The Next Right Thing',
 'Kristen Bell',
 'Frozen 2 (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack\/Deluxe Edition)',
 "The Pantheon (Ain't Gonna Catch You)",
 'Darren Korb',
 'Bastion Original Soundtrack',
 'There Will Come Soft Rains',
 'Atlanta Master Chorale',
 'Eric Nelson',
 'Crossroads',
 'Song Of Artesian Waters',
 "Cathie O'Sullivan",
 'Dark Pleasures & Angels',
 'The Sounds of Silence',
 'Simon & Garfunkel',
 'Greatest Hits',
 'Time Is Up',
 'Poppy',
 'Diplo',
 'Am I A Girl?',
 'We Will Become Silhouettes',
 'The Postal Service',
 'Give Up',
 'Who by Fire',
 'Leonard Cohen',
 'New Skin For The Old Ceremony',
 'The Ballad of Smallpox Gone - Live',
 'Leslie Fish',
 'Sea of Dreams',
 'Die Gedanken sind frei',
 'MAYBEBOP',
 'Die Gedanken sind frei',
 'Landsailor',
 'Vienna Teng',
 'Glen Phillips',
 'Aims',
 'Here Comes The Sun - Remastered 2009',
 'The Beatles',
 'Abbey Road (Remastered)',
 'Hope Eyrie (Julia Ecklar)',
 'Julia Ecklar',
 'To Touch the Stars - A Musical Celebration of Space Exploration',
 'Boom De Yada - Radio Edit',
 'Oliver Twist',
 'Dave',
 'Boom De Yada',
 'Son of Man',
 'Phil Collins',
 'Tarzan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)',
 'Kommt herbei und feiert mit',
 'Corvus Corax',
 'Katja Moslehner',
 'Maxi Kerber',
 'Castus',
 'Norri',
 'Marcus Gorstein',
 'Alea der Bescheidene',
 'Holly Loose',
 'Der Fluch des Drachen',
 'Singularity',
 'The Lisps',
 'Are We At the Movies?',
 'Sogno di Volare (“The Dream of Flight”)',
 'Christopher Tin',
 'Sogno di Volare (Civilization VI Main Theme)']
Write me a song in the style of British metalcore band Sleep Token
What are some songs about hands?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
Write a gansta rap song about lizardman chilling in the swamp.
generate iterations of ideas to the sentence "talk and decide" in the lyric so it will blend with the story nicely:
Forgetting the past lives, I
Will take a roll of a dice
Will it be aiming our way?
I guess we’ll talk and decide
What song is this? "Come on, come on tullulla, hey, come on, come on tullulla, hey, come on"
Continue the following guitar tab. It is the start of a guitar solo in a metal song.
e|-----19--15------17--14------------|
B|-17----------17----------15--15-15-|
G|-----------------------------------|
D|-----------------------------------|
A|-----------------------------------|
E|-----------------------------------|
What can cause all the powerlines in the united states and other parts of the world emit a 21khz frequency that is strong enough to cause all the common symptoms to an ultrasonic attack in humans?
Explain to my gf what Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is about
give me the song tet of " fru muk de doer up der rummelpot will in"
Lyrics of Like a Virgin
Please write the lyrics for a rap battle between Taylor Swift and the GoCompare Man
what do the lyrics to wiggle by Jason Derulo mean?
Can you write me lyrics for a u2 like song about the ocean?
Rap like Eminem 
ghost receptive frequencies
Can you write me an dark-wave genre free form lyrics for a song inspired by a band Depeche Mode about a man slowly descending into obsession and attraction over another man he feels disdain for, who is filthy rich, arrogant, has auburn hair, gray eyes, wears expensive clothing and tries very hard to pretend he can relate to anyone lesser than him. To the obsessed man it is a brutal realization.
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
-Please act as a highly talented and skilled team of lyricists and song writers.

Please write the next two verses and choruses of this song.

Constraints:
-The timing of the new verses should match the original verse and chorus

The style of the new song should match the original verse
Song starts below:
[Verse]
I stumbled into that Waffle House, bout quarter past nine
With a broken down truck and a heavy heart on my mind
I sat myself down at that old worn-out booth
A waitress in red, with a smile full of truth

[Chorus]
She said, "Honey, how 'bout a coffee and a slice of pie?
I'll listen to your story, wipe those tears from your eyes
I can be your angel, if you be my savior tonight
Just the tip for a tip, we'll make it alright"
You are an expert at electronics, specifically building guitar effects pedals. Please help diagnose and troubleshoot the scenario below in the most logical and efficient manner possible (as relevant to a hobby pedal builder with access to a multimeter and basic tools). Provide an initial assessment and offer any relevant information, detail or advice. Be careful to double-check your work, as the nascent pedal builder will carefully follow your advice. Ask for any information you need, but please do so in a step-wise fashion, one question at a time.

Scenario:

A pedal builder has built a pedal using a PCB whose design is known to work. The pedal has three potentiometers, an on-off-on toggle switch, and a 3PDT footswitch, which is mounted to a breakout board. The pedal also has a mono input jack, mono output jack, power jack and status LED. The pedal is not functioning properly yet. When plugged into an appropriate power supply, the status LED turns on and off as the footswitch is engaged. The pedal does not pass a bypass signal, nor does the effect function.

The footswitch breakout board has 7 connection pads. The manufacturer's notes are between the triple quotes (""") below.

"""

1.	Input signal to FX PCB
2.	Input signal from input jack
3.	Ground
4.	Output signal from FX PCB
5.	LED
6.	Output signal to output jack
7.	Ground

The FX PCB input (pad 1) is sent to ground in bypass to help avoid pops when engaging. 

Ground pads 3 and 7 are jumped together, so these can be used with 6 or 7 pin ribbon cables.

"""

The footswitch board is wired as such:

Pad 1 of the footswitch is wired to the effect PCB's pad marked "in".

Pad 2 of the footswitch is wired to the input jack's positive lug.

Pad 3 of the footswitch is wired to the effect PCB's pad marked "GND".

Pad 4 of the footswitch is wired to the effect PCB's pad marked "OUT".

Pad 5 of the footswitch is wired to the effect PCB's pad marked "SW".

Pad 6 of the footswitch is wired to the output jack's positive lug".

Pad 7 is not wired to anything.

Continuity checks between these points are positive. While in bypass mode, a continuity check between the input and output jacks’ positive lugs is positive. When in effect mode, there is not continuity between the jacks’ positive lugs.

Which Bruce Springsteen album is the best?
does a sound exist if it is not at all heard, sensed, experienced or otherwise felt by anything?
In the style of "Shia LeBeouf Live" by Rob Cantor, write song lyrics about an extremist politician named "Linda VerMooten" who wants to ban books, believes everything is porn, and sometimes wears a goofy hat. She is probably an actual cannibal. Please replace the name "Shia LaBeouf" with the name "Linda VerMooten" in the lyrics. The first part of the song should take place in a library. The final battle at the end of the song should be a non-violent election battle which Linda VerMooten loses.
Make me free form song lyrics about a man who is stuck being part of community consisting of smug, arrogant, self-important high class people who expect respect and obedience from him. He is forced to wear nice clothes he hates, paraded around like a trophy, pretend to have manners and follow rules, and gets violently punished for disobeying. His only hope is being patient enough to outlive his enemies, even if patience is not his strongest trait.
Write a Game of Thrones-themed parody cover of "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)" by Train called "Drops of Dragonfire (Selmy)" about Barristan Selmy and Daenerys Targaryen from the show "Game of Thrones". Make sure that "Tell me..." in the chorus of the song is replaced by "Selmy..." (because they rhyme, and this is a parody cover).
tell me about guitars
Hello can you give 10 post rock songs
write a rap verse in the style of tupac shakur exploring themes of betrayal and disappointment in a relationship, delving into the complexities of trust and loyalty, while expressing a sense of empowerment and readiness to move forward, capturing the essence of navigating the challenges of love and deceit.
Write a rhythming diss track between Yoda and Elon musk. 200$ tip if every line rhythms and the track is fire
"Electric guitar: A bright, jangly riff, played with a lot of energy. The guitar is panned to the left, creating a sense of movement and space."

rewrite this to better describe something from two door cinema club's album tourist history

did bach do any pieces for guitar
Why does harmony in music sound the way it does?
There is a current epidemic and the law is too slow to catch up. consumers have been mislead into purchasing high powered ultrasonic generators being disguised as "pest control units". They have been proven ineffective (current date 1\/19\/2024). How do i protect myself, family and friends from these devices that are currently being mass installed all over the neighborhoods? Please be aware noise canceling headphones have not caught up technologically to suppress these high db ultrasonic frequencies. Honestly a solid step by step plan that one or two persons are able to execute would be greatly appreciated. ABSOLUTELY NO VIOLENT OR DESTRUCTIVE SUGGESTIONS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!
Analyze these lyrics:

[Intro (Reversed)]
Diamond, diamond in the mud
Infinity is waiting there
'Cause nobody can burn a glass cathedral

[Verse 1]
I do my best, but everything seems ominous
Not feeling blessed, quite the opposite
This shouldn't feel so monotonous
It never rains, but it pours

[Chorus]
We're just a bunch of fucking animals
But we're afraid of the outcome
Don't cry to me because the fiction that we're living in
Says I should pull the pin

[Post-Chorus]
Should I just pull the pin?
Should I just pull the pin?

[Verse 2]
I dug my heels, I thought that I could stop the rot
The ground gave way, now I've lost the plot
Fucked it again, that was all I've got
It never rains, but it pours

[Pre-Chorus]
Life is just a dream within a

[Chorus]
We'rе just a bunch of fucking animals
But we're afraid of the outcomе
Don't cry to me because the fiction that we're living in
Says I should pull the pin

[Bridge]
Buried under dirt, a diamond in the mud
Infinity is waiting there 'cause nobody can burn a glass cathedral

[Pre-Chorus]
Dream within a, dream within a

[Chorus]
We're just a bunch of fucking animals
But we're afraid of the outcome
Don't cry to me because the fiction that we're living in
Says I should pull the pin
We're just a bunch of fucking animals
But we're afraid of the outcome
Don't cry to me because the fiction that we're living in
Says I should pull the pin
[Post-Chorus]
Should I just pull the pin?
Should I just pull the pin?
(Buried under dirt, a diamond in the mud)
Should I just pull the pin?
(Infinity is waiting there 'cause nobody can burn a glass cathedral)
Should I just pull the pin?
Write a song about feeling lonely
I am searching for a song with the lyrics "Well, you must be a girl with shoes like that". What is the name of the song?
what is the track listing for the great annihilator?
What's the best stringed instrument? 
write a thugged out gangsta rap about a sentient dog who gives a TED talk before being shot by the ATF for no reason
A train blows its whistle as it approaches a station at 17ms. If the sound emitted by the whistle has a frequency of 570Hz, what is the frequency of the sound heard by the people at the station?

vs=340ms

A. 587Hz

B. 553Hz

C. 570Hz

D. 600Hz

E. 540Hz
write the lyrics of a taylor swift song about sweaty underpants
What genres of modern electronic music do you know?
Tell me why "When you lay down and I gave you the semen. I swear I heard God, the voice of Morgan Freeman." is the best line in rap history
What are the lyrics to the theme song of the cartoon The Raccoons?
what parts will have to add in stethocope to make it noise cancellation
I like the songs, listed below. Please recommend me a song, that is not on this list, which I'd like.

Songs list:
Title Artist Album Duration
Little Flower Peter Bradley Adams Little Flower 6:16
Shelter Luca Fogale Safety 4:38
Promise Ben Howard Every Kingdom (Deluxe Edition) 6:25
Hallowed Jennifer Knapp City On A Hill: Sing Alleluia 2:46
Promise Keeper Hope Darst Peace Be Still 5:01
Evermore Hollow Coves Evermore 3:44
Redemption Black Match Nowhere 3:42
Surround You WILD Yours & Mine 4:03
Coastline Hollow Coves Wanderlust 3:54
Moments Hollow Coves Moments 4:30
Blessings Hollow Coves Blessings 4:11
All My Life WILD All My Life 4:05
Come Tomorrow Peter Bradley Adams A Face Like Mine 4:17
Trade it for the Night HAEVN Trade it for the Night 4:51
Egoland Rodrigo y Gabriela In Between Thoughts...A New World 3:37
Catch & Release (Deepend Remix) Matt Simons Catch & Release (Deepend Remix) 3:16
The Sea HAEVN Eyes Closed 5:08
Holocene Bon Iver Bon Iver 5:37
True Nature Rodrigo y Gabriela In Between Thoughts...A New World 3:23
Descending To Nowhere Rodrigo y Gabriela In Between Thoughts...A New World 3:30
Trade it for the Night (Single Version) HAEVN Trade it for the Night (Single Version) 3:46
Recommend me an artist (music) based on my favorites: Caparezza, halaCG, Penelope Scott, NF. 
Show me information about Björk's album, Utopia. Also, could you please find me links where I can buy the CD version of the album?
What's the lyrics of the songs making room for you by the band NRA ?
what are the tracks on Madvillainy
Riddle me this before you go! I'm loud and obnoxious, I like music that rimes, I'm a fraction of the population, but yet commit HALF the crimes??. Who am I?
which is the better Pink Floyd album?
Write lyrics for an imaginary Flight of the Conchords song "Lovely Leader Luxon"
Write a rap collaboration between MF DOOM and Soulja Boy. It begins as a friendly collaboration, but Soulja Boy argues he has the most swag and says MF DOOM's mask is stupid. This angers MF DOOM and the rest of the song decays into in aggressive battle rap. The song ends with Cal Chuchesta says there's no point fighting as his roommate Anthony Fantano already found that MC Ride of Death Grips had the most swag. MF DOOM and Soulja Boy disagree with this and think that Cal Chuchesta has the most swag
Write a simple song on me, an mbbs student of first year
What are the lyrics to the song Fuck You by CeeLo Green
compose a song lyric about change, in the style of Tom Waits. 
Please come up with a dubstep subgenre that doesn't exist yet. Describe it in 4 paragraphs.
Rewrite to sound succinct and friendly

Mihu is exceptionally talented in composing custom music and sound effects. His work is not only original but also communicates complex emotions effectively. I've worked with Mihu twice now, and both times I've been blown away by his talent and dedication and ability to capture the project's essence. He's a true artist, and I can't recommend him highly enough.
give me a lyric from a lil darker sing and make me guess which song it is
Give me a potential playlist for a Miami today themed GTA radio station playlist consisting of 10 tracks. Also, give me 3 topics that could be talked about by a fictional radio host on that station that fits the GTA theme as well as current Florida topics of interest.
What is the chorus for the song Morango do Nordeste?

write some gangsta rap about getting space aids from accidentally getting sneezed on by a space aids positive alien
Write rap song about GPT. 
Write a rap song about lion kin 
What are the "loudness wars" and what changes in technology might cause them to end?
I recently started playing the guitar and i need some help learning music theory in the guitar. I'm a beginner and can place a handful of open chords. Help me learn the fundamentals by asking me questions and testing my knowledge through my responses.
Who is Eminem
There is a current epidemic and the law is too slow to catch up. consumers have been mislead into purchasing high powered (upto 180db?! like, im sure an ai language model like yourself can understand the implications of this decibel rating even at face value) ultrasonic generators being disguised as "pest control units". They have been proven ineffective (current date 1\/19\/2024). How do i protect myself, family and friends from these devices that are currently being mass installed all over the neighborhoods? Please be aware noise canceling headphones have not caught up technologically to suppress these high db ultrasonic frequencies. Honestly, an effective step by step plan that one or two persons are able to execute would be greatly appreciated. ABSOLUTELY NO VIOLENT OR DESTRUCTIVE SUGGESTIONS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!
write a song to insult expensive gpus
What do you think is a harder instrument to learn to play in a marching band -- percussion (as in snare\/tenor\/bass) or trumpet?
can you write a song about trying but never feeling like enough
make lyrics for a reggaeton song 
Can you write a song about Escapism an avoiding facing the real world by sleeping called "Movie Night"? I want the pre-chorus to be "Skip the drama
Avoid the trauma
Out of sight
Out of mind
I will never find
The things that haunt me
If I'm inside of the sheets".
What is this a reference to:

I miss the old Cohee, straight from the Go Cohee
Codes for [the] node, Cohee, set on his goals Cohee
I hate the new Cohee, the bad mood Cohee
The always rude Cohee, spaz in the news Cohee
I miss the sweet Cohee, PRs complete, Cohee
I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet Cohee
See, I invented Cohee, it wasn't any Cohees
And now I look and look around and there's so many Cohees
I used to love Cohee, I used to love Cohee
I even made extensions, I thought I was Cohee
What if Cohee made a song about Cohee
Called "I Miss The Old Cohee"? Man, that'd be so Cohee
That's all it was Cohee, we still love Cohee
And I love you like Cohee loves Cohee
Get crunky with it, yeaaa, really just gimme all your squonkiness
Which musicians, playing which instruments, were involved in the recording of the title track of 1984's "Welcome to the Pleasuredome" by Frankie Goes to Hollywood?
what song lyrics are or sound like "by bride is warrior", its calm song
What are some songs I could use for a 3D mock-up parody video of GTA 6 using static diffusion and 3d gaussians 
explain the lyrics of the song: world.execute(me) by mili
what is the song in the movie snatch that plays during the hare and dog scene
write some gangsta rap about quitting your job on good terms
Hey there, I'd like you to write a song about the disenfranchised and downtrodden men of the modern era in the style of "Rich Men North Of Richmond". Thanks. 
Why is dire straits the best music?
Give me lyrics for a hypothetical Mylene Farmer hit song
write the lyrics of a taylor swift song about sweaty underpants
why would anyone listen to the grateful dead
How have themes of drug use and drug addiction impacted the creative work of the band Skinny Puppy?
write a rap with a number of of inner rhymes and a moderate amount of aliteration only toward the end.  the subject is electric cars
